    	Infantry receive 10% increased weapon accuracy, and 33% reduced suppression around the squad.
    	Infantry receive 15% increased weapon accuracy, and 33% reduced suppression around the squad.
    	Infantry receive 15% increased weapon accuracy, and 33% reduced suppression around the squad.
    	Infantry receive 15% increased weapon accuracy, and 33% reduced suppression around the squad.
    	Infantry receive 25% faster experience gain, and 10% faster rate of fire within the sector.
    	Infantry receive 25% faster experience gain, and 5% faster rate of fire within the sector.
    	Infantry receive 10% reduced hit chance, and 5% faster rate of fire within the sector.
    	Can only (1) Untersturmführer at a time.
    	Emergency Repair Kit
    	The unit will slowly repair itself out of combat.
    	<locstring name="extra_text" value="8807" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	<locstring name="extra_text" value="8807" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Slowly repairs the vehicle when out of combat for at least 15s.
    	The infamous 'Big Red One' serves as America's vanguard, fighting in Africa, Italy, and later, Omaha Beach. It made history twice by crossing the Rhine into occupied Germany during both World Wars.
    	The United States 1st Infantry Division is America's longest-serving active unit to this day, having been formed as the US prepared for the First World War. The 'Fighting First' has participated in most of America's major wars and conflicts.
    	The 101st Airborne Division took casualties during the war just as other divisions, however, recovering wounded were sent directly back to their previous unit, maintaining unit cohesion & and camaraderie between the men. 
    	The 101st 'Screaming Eagles' are famously known for their extensive airborne operations, but many battles were fought and won on the ground, combining conventional infantry tactics with aggressive paratrooper spirit.
    	The 4th Infantry Division briefly participated in World War I, later becoming known as the very first Allied ground unit to land in Normandy, along the shores of Utah Beach, and later paving the way for the liberation of Paris.
    	Formed during World War I, alongside many other divisions, it saw brief service on the Western Front. In the Second World War, the 'Ivy Division' would fight in France, Belgium, Luxembourg, and eventually Nazi Germany.
    	The 10th Mountain Division holds the honor of being the only division of its size to be trained in mountain & artic warfare, utilizing it to great effect on the rugged mountains of Italy and Austria during the later part of the war.
    	The 10th Mountain Division was originally formed at half strength, drawing units from other divisions to fill the gap. Despite initially poor morale and organization, the division forged its own, unique identity during the war.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	The M1 Pack Howitzer was America’s answer to versatility in the Pacific and European theaters. With generous artillery rounds to counter distant unarmored targets, it is still in use today for military salutes and parade ceremonies.
    	Transferred from Italy in fall 1944, the 15th fought valiantly but futilely to stem the Allied tide. Sent to the Rheinland in February 1945, the unit made its final stand during its tenacious defense of the famous Hochwald Gap in early March.
    	Equipped with three different radios, the command Panzer IV provided outstanding coordination between infantry, armor and aircraft. Benefitting from the Ausf. J’s 7,5 cm KwK 40 L/48, it remained a threat in its own right.
    	Equipped with three different radios, the command Panzer IV provided outstanding coordination between infantry, armor and aircraft. Benefitting from the Ausf. J’s 7,5 cm KwK 40 L/48, it remained a threat in its own right.
    	Equipped with three different radios, the command Panzer IV provided outstanding coordination between infantry, armor and aircraft. Benefitting from the Ausf. J’s 7,5 cm KwK 40 L/48, it remained a threat in its own right.
    	Equipped with three different radios, the command Panzer IV provided outstanding coordination between infantry, armor and aircraft. Benefitting from the Ausf. J’s 7,5 cm KwK 40 L/48, it remained a threat in its own right.
    	The command variant of the Panzer IV excelled at coordinating operations between ground forces and aircraft using its three different radios. Retaining the Ausf. J’s 7.5 cm KwK 40 L/48, it could directly support its frontline counterparts.
    	The command variant of the Panzer IV excelled at coordinating operations between ground forces and aircraft using its three different radios. Retaining the Ausf. J’s 7.5 cm KwK 40 L/48, it could directly support its frontline counterparts.
    	The command variant of the Panzer IV excelled at coordinating operations between ground forces and aircraft using its three different radios. Retaining the Ausf. J’s 7.5 cm KwK 40 L/48, it could directly support its frontline counterparts.
    	The command variant of the Panzer IV excelled at coordinating operations between ground forces and aircraft using its three different radios. Retaining the Ausf. J’s 7.5 cm KwK 40 L/48, it could directly support its frontline counterparts.
    	The command variant of the Panzer IV excelled at coordinating operations between ground forces and aircraft using its three different radios. Retaining the Ausf. J’s 7.5 cm KwK 40 L/48, it could directly support its frontline counterparts.
    	152mm Illumination Barrage
    	4 Command Points
    	Left-click target area. Affected squads are suppressed or pinned.
    	122mm Smoke Barrage
    	2-ya Gvardeyskaya Motostrelkovaya Diviziya Gvardeytsy
    	2-ya Gv. msd Gvardeytsy
    	8th SS-Cavalry Division Grenadiere Squad
    	<locstring name="screen_name_short" value="4917" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	12th SS-Panzergrenadier-Division Panzergrenadiere
    	Raised as Panzergrenadiere in 1943 and led by 1st ‘LSSAH’ veterans, most of the 12th SS were Hitler Youth recruits born in 1926. Despite their young age, troops of the 12th SS ‘Hitlerjugend’ were extremely ruthless and sadistic fighters.
    	30. Waffen-Gren.-Div. d. SS (russ. Nr. 2) Grenadiere
    	30. SS Waffen-Grenadiere
    	Motostrelkovaya Diviziya (Versatile/Mechanized)
    	Seek out and terminate the enemy with mobile elite troops and reconnaissance vehicles.
    	Can only field 2 'Tamanskaya' Motor Rifle Guard squads at a time. 
    	The 2-ya Gvardeyskaya Motostrelkovaya fought in the Baltics before achieving Guard status. They continued to prove themselves, contributing in the first major Soviet counter-offensive, ending the war in Prussia, and earning acclaim to this day.
    	Armaments: (Mosin-Nagants, PPSh-41), *SVT-40s x2, *DP-28 x1/2, M91/30-PU, Skill: Experienced, Role: Frontline.
    	Left-click ability, left-click target location. Only vehicles will trigger the mine. Delay 5s. 
    	Left-click ability, left-click target location. Only vehicles will trigger the mine. Delay 5s. 
    	Left-click ability, left-click target. Both vehicles & infantry will trigger the mine. Delay 5s. 
    	Left-click ability, left-click target. Both vehicles & infantry will trigger the mine. Delay 5s. 
    	M1A1 Bazooka Rocket Launcher
    	M1A1 Bazooka Rocket Launcher
    	Veterancy 1
    	Deploy 442nd Infantry Regiment 'Nisei' Riflemen Squads x2, M3A1 Scout Car x2. Click and select location to deploy.
    	Deploy 2nd Guards 'Tamanskaya' Motor Rifle Division Squad x1, M3A1 Scout Car x1. Click and select location to deploy.
    	The ODON Scouts arrive in a light scout car. This assault group is effective against infantry & other light vehicles.
    	ODON Mechanized Assault Group
    	5 Command Points
    	3 Command Points
    	1st Airborne Division WC51 Truck
    	1st Airborne WC51 
    	Scoped PTRS-41 Anti-Tank Rifle
    	Simonov PTRS-41 (PU)
    	The powerful PTRS-41 anti-tank rifle fitted with a magnified scope to engage light armour, and infantry at further ranges.
    	Type: Anti-Material Rifle, Rate of Fire: Semi-Automatic, Cartridge: 14.5x114mm, Capacity: 5 Rounds. Effective at long range vs. vehicles.
    	Type: Anti-Material Rifle, Rate of Fire: Semi-Automatic, Cartridge: 14.5x114mm, Capacity: 5 Rounds. Effective at long range vs. vehicles.
    	Simonov's PTRS-41 anti-tank rifle is chambered for the powerful 14.5x11mm round, capable of decimating light armour, and infantry alike.
    	Simonov's PTRS-41 anti-tank rifle is chambered for the powerful 14.5x11mm round, capable of decimating light armour, and infantry alike.
    	Scoped PTRS-41 Anti-Tank Rifle
    	The powerful PTRS-41 anti-tank rifle fitted with a magnified scope to engage light armour, and infantry at further ranges.
    	The powerful PTRS-41 anti-tank rifle fitted with a magnified scope to engage light armour, and infantry at further ranges.
    	Scoped SVT-40 Rifle
    	Abandoned Scoped SVT-40 Rifle; pick up with infantry.
    	Tokarev SVT-40 (PU)
    	Type: Rifle, Rate of Fire: Semi-Automatic, Cartridge: 7.62x54mm, Capacity: 10 Rounds. Effective at long range vs. infantry.
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ High Capacity, + High ROF, - Poor Accuracy, - Low Damage).
    	The fast-firing SVT-40 fitted with a scope to provide increased accuracy at range. 
    	Sturmgewehr 44 Marksman Shipment
    	Type: Assault Rifle, Rate of Fire: Semi-Automatic, Cartridge: 7.92x33mm, Capacity: 30 Rounds, Effective at long range vs. infantry. 
    	Veterancy 3
    	Naiman Hand Mortar
    	Abandoned PIAT Spigot Mortar; pick up with infantry.
    	Abandoned RNM-50; pick up with infantry.
    	Type: Spigot Mortar, Cartridge: 50mm, Penetration: 76mm Steel, Effective at close range vs armor. 
    	RNM-50
    	RNM-50 Hand Mortar Shipment
    	Type: Anti-Material Rifle, Rate of Fire: Single-Action, Cartridge: 14.5x114mm, Capacity: 1 Round.
    	Type: Grenade Launcher, Rate of Fire: Single-Action, Cartridge: 50mm, Capacity: 1 Round. Effective at medium range vs. infantry.
    	Type: Grenade Launcher, Rate of Fire: Single-Action, Cartridge: 50mm, Capacity: 1 Round. Effective at medium range vs. infantry.
    	Designed by I.M. Naiman, the RNM-50 is a heavily modified Mosin-Nagant rifle that fires light mortar rounds over a short distance, perfect for infantry support.
    	Designed by I.M. Naiman, the RNM-50 is a heavily modified Mosin-Nagant rifle that fires light mortar rounds over a short distance, perfect for infantry support.
    	Designed by I.M. Naiman, the RNM-50 is a heavily modified Mosin-Nagant rifle that fires light mortar rounds over a short distance, perfect for infantry support.
    	RNM-50 Hand Mortar
    	RNM-50 Hand Mortar
    	(PASSIVE) M1A1 Bazookas
    	Volksgrenadieres receive the FG42 automatic rifles (Upgrade).
    	Strelki receive the M1A1 'Bazooka' Rocket Launcher (Upgrade).
    	The troops are issued rocket launchers provided by our American allies. 
    	The 150th Rifle Division was formed prior to the war, during the Invasion of Poland. It would be subsequently wiped out and reformed several times, before finally ending its fight on the enemy's doorsteps in Berlin.
    	The 150th Rifle Division bears the distinct honor of capturing the Führer's Reichstag in Berlin. Raising the Soviet flag over the desolate city, the Great Patriotic War, through the courage & sacrifice of the Soviet people, had finally ended.
    	The 67th Guards' finest hour would occur during the Battle of Kursk. Facing off against the elite Grossdeutschland Division equipped with the new Panther Tank, it managed to provide a staunch defensive line for as long as it could.
    	The 67th Guards Rifle Division used everything they could to fend off the Grossdeutschland, and 11th Panzer Divisions during the Battle of Kursk, from grenades, tank traps, mines, and even tank-hunting dogs to severely hamper the enemy advance.
    	67th Guards 'Vitebsk' Rifle Division Strelki Squad
    	Unlocks Advanced Repairs. Replaces the regular Repair Ability.
    	Unlocks Booby Trap Point. Replaces the Merge Ability.
    	Instructs the squad on how to make improvised traps.
    	Booby Traps
    	Destroy Cover
    	The squad is issued small explosive charges meant to destroy walls & other obstacles. 
    	Unlocks Repair Criticals. Replaces the Merge Ability.
    	Repair Critical
    	Unlocks Salvage Operations. Replaces the Merge Ability.
    	Salvage Operations
    	Building Repair
    	Unlocks Building Repair. Replaces the Merge Ability.
    	Instructs the squad in how to fortify and maintain their fighting positions & defenses.
    	Instructs the squad in how to properly salvage resources from wrecked vehicles.
    	Unlocks Booby Trap Point. Replaces the Destroy Cover Ability.
    	Unlocks Salvage Operations. Replaces the Destroy Cover Ability.
    	(PASSIVE) Booby Traps
    	Troops are taught how to create deadly explosive traps, and additional PPSh-41 submachineguns. 
    	Prizyvnik receive Booby Trap Capture Point (Upgrade).
    	(PASSIVE) PTRD Anti-Tank Rifles
    	Strelki receive the PTRD Anti-Tank Rifle (Upgrade).
    	Troops are issued the powerful PTRD anti-tank rifle to combat enemy light vehicles.
    	(PASSIVE) ZB vz. 30 LMG
    	Sapers receive the ZB vz. 30 LMG (Upgrade).
    	Troops 'acquire' Czechoslovakian machineguns for additional firepower. 
    	(PASSIVE) Building Repair + PPSh-41 Veterancy
    	Prizyvnik receive Building Repair (Upgrade), require less veterancy to requisition PPSh-41s.
    	(PASSIVE) 40.8mm Dyakonov Rifle Grenades
    	Prizyvnik receive Building Repair (Upgrade), require less veterancy to requisition PPSh-41s, Sapers receive the SVT-40 (Upgrade), Frontoviki receive the 40.8mm Dyakonov Rifle Grenades (Upgrade)
    	Troops are issued the rare, but powerful 40mm rifle grenades. 
    	Strelki receive the 40.8mm Dyakonov Rifle Grenades (Upgrade).
    	Sapers receive the SVT-40 (Upgrade).
    	(PASSIVE) SVT-40 Rifles
    	The engineers are issued fast-firing semi-automatic rifles. 
    	(PASSIVE) ROKS-3 Flamethrowers
    	Strelki receive the SVT-40 (Upgrade).
    	Troops are issued deadly flamethrowers to break through enemy lines.
    	Prizyvnik receive Destroy Cover (Upgrade).
    	Troops are issued small explosive charges to clear through battlefield debris & obstacles.
    	(PASSIVE) Destroy Cover
    	Prizyvnik receive Booby Trap Capture Point (Upgrade).
    	(PASSIVE) Booby Traps
    	Troops are issued small explosive charges to clear through battlefield debris & obstacles.
    	<locstring name="help_text" value="11138" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Tank Killers receive the M1A1 Bazooka (Upgrade).
    	(PASSIVE) Salvage Operations
    	Prizyvnik, and Sapers receive Salvage Operations (Upgrade).
    	Troops are taught how to properly salvage resources from wrecked vehicles.
    	(PASSIVE) Force Reconnaissance
    	Strelki receive the Flare Rifle Grenades (Upgrade), and no longer require veterancy for their Mosin–Nagant M91/30 PU.
    	Troops are issued illumination rounds to scout out enemy-held territories, and are trained in concealment.
    	(PASSIVE) M1A1 Bazookas
    	(PASSIVE) Repair Critical
    	Prizyvnik receive Repair Critical (Upgrade).
    	Troops are instructed on additional repair techniques.
    	(PASSIVE) M1A1 Thompsons + Repair Stations
    	Prizyvnik receive Repair Critical (Upgrade), Sapers receive the M1 Thompson SMGs (Upgrade), Frontoviki receive the M1A1 'Bazooka' Rocket Launcher (Upgrade).
    	The troops are given American submachine guns for close-quarters firepower, and equipment to establish vehicle Repair Stations.
    	(PASSIVE) PTRS-41 Anti-Tank Rifles
    	Sapers receive the PTRS-41 Anti-Tank Rifle (Upgrade). 
    	The troops are issued the semi-automatic PTRS-41 to combat enemy light armor!
    	(PASSIVE) PPSh-41 SMGs + RPG-43 Grenade Assault
    	Prizyvnik receive the Panzerfaust-100 (Upgrade), Sapers receive the PTRS-41 Anti-Tank Rifle (Upgrade), Frontoviki receive the PPSh-41 SMGs (Upgrade), and the RPG-43 Grenade Assault (Upgrade).
    	The frontline troops receive the high-capacity PPSh-41s & additional anti-tank grenades!
    	Prizyvnik receive the RPG-43 (Upgrade). 
    	(PASSIVE) RPG-43 Anti-Tank Grenades
    	Troops are issued powerful hollow-charge anti-tank grenades to decimate enemy armor.
    	M1A1 'Bazooka' Rocket Launcher Shipment (x2)
    	The M1A1 Bazooka was created to combat heavier German armor, such as the Panther and Tiger. Rear hits are still advised.
    	One of the first shoulder-fired rocket launchers, the 'Bazooka' provides a means to defend against medium and heavy armor.
    	Early Warning
    	Warning Flares
    	Instructs the squad on how to rig flares traps on capture points.
    	Unlocks Warning Flares. Replaces the Merge Ability.
    	Prizyvnik receive Warning Flares (Upgrade), Sapers receive the PIAT Spigot Mortar (Upgrade), Frontoviki receive the PTRD Anti-Tank Rifle (Upgrade).
    	Troops are taught how to create flare traps.
    	Troops are taught how to create deadly explosive traps.
    	Sapers receive Booby Trap Capture Point (Upgrade).
    	Troops are taught how to create deadly explosive traps.
    	(PASSIVE) Warning Flares
    	The 46th Rifle Division has an extensive history of sacrifice since its inception, being entirely wiped out twice at the outbreak of the war. Faithful, and unyielding, they fought in the war until the very end, occupying Germany after its defeat.
    	Initially formed in Ukraine during the Russian Civil War, the 46th Rifle Division saw a period of relative peace before being brought to the frontlines of World War II; being wiped out twice during its initial years. Its lineage would continue to serve to today.
    	The 69th Rifle Division has a colored history, beginning its existence as a motorised infantry unit, to a tank division, before settling as a standard rifle division. It would be destroyed during Operation Barbarossa, before being reformed again.
    	The 69th Rifle Division's esteemed record followed its second formation, earning the Order of the Red Banner, one of the highest Soviet military awards twice, and twenty-one of its soldiers being hailed as Heroes of the Soviet Union.
    	The 112th Tank Brigade received its title due to the contributions by the Mongolian People's Republic, providing not only tanks, but thousands upon thousand tons of supplies as well. This undertaking would further improve cooperation between the two powers.
    	Beginning its service as the 112th Tank Division, the unit was formed from veterans fighting in the Far East. With direct orders from Stalin, it launched a critical flanking attack at the 4th Army during the Battle of Moscow, and later earning the Order of Lenin.
    	Click to activate. Duration 45s.
    	<locstring name="extra_text" value="7282" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	90. Grenadier-Division Pz.Gren Mechanized Assault Group
    	Perhaps best known for use by German paratroopers, the FG42 also found service with the Gebirgsjägers. Firing on semi-automatic, the rifle can quickly hit targets at long distances.
    	Fallschirmjägergewehr 42 (Zf.4)
    	Perhaps best known for use by German paratroopers, the FG42 also found service with the Gebirgsjägers. Firing on semi-automatic, the rifle can quickly hit targets at long distances.
    	The 200. Regimental Pz.Gren can be deployed to the battlefield. The squad can be rapidly deployed to provide repairs & combat support.
    	Field Hospital
    	Forward Headquarters
    	Forward Headquarters
    	3. FJD MG42
    	3. FJD MG42
    	Forward Encampment
    	Command structure. Fragile building that can provide reinforcements, call-in additional troops, and serves as a rally point behind enemy lines.
    	Command structure, allows for infiltration troops to regroup, reinforce, and bring in more units.
    	Shock Corps
    	(PASSIVE) Shock Corps
    	(PASSIVE) Maskirovka Operations
    	3rd Shock Troop units can construct the Hidden Encampment, buildable in enemy territory, deploys unique Shock units, and serves as a retreat point. 
    	Hardened Shock Troops have infiltrated the frontlines to sabotage the enemy!
    	This structure does not show up on the enemy's minimap.
    	Can only field (1) 3-ya ua. Protivotankovaya Zveno at a time.
    	3-ya Udarnaya Armiya Protivotankovaya Zveno
    	3-ya ua. Protivotankovaya Zveno
    	<locstring name="screen_name" value="4923" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	3rd Shock Army M1910 MG Team
    	3rd Shock M1910 MG
    	8.2 cm Granatewerfer 274/3(r)
    	3-ya Udarnaya Armiya PM-41
    	3-ya Udarnaya Armiya PM-41
    	Armaments: (M1910 Maxim, PPSh-41s), Crew: 3, Skill: Elite, Role: Suppression.
    	Armaments: (DShK HMG, PPSh-41s), Crew: 3, Skill: Elite, Role: Suppression.
    	Armaments: (82 mm PM-41, PPSh-41s), Crew: 3, Training: Elite, Role: Indirect Fire. Effective vs. static infantry and structures.
    	Armaments: (PTRS-41, PPSh-41), *PIAT, Skill: Elite, Role: Anti-Vehicle.
    	Anti-tank infantry, (Traits: + Extra Armor, + Camouflage): use the anti-tank rifles against infantry and light vehicles, or the grenades for tanks. Limit of 1.
    	Abandoned StuH 42; re-crew with infantry
    	Sturmhaubitze 42 Ausf. G
    	Sturmhaubitze 42 Ausf. G
    	Sturmgeschütz III Ausf. G Assault Gun
    	StuG III Ausf. G
    	Sturmhaubitze 42 Ausf. G 
    	Sonderkraftfahrzeug 142/2 ‘StuH 42’
    	Sonderkraftfahrzeug 142/2 ‘StuH 42’
    	Sonderkraftfahrzeug 142/2 ‘StuH 42’
    	Sonderkraftfahrzeug 142/2 ‘StuH 42’
    	Sonderkraftfahrzeug 142/2 ‘StuH 42’
    	StuH 42 Ausf. G
    	StuH 42 Ausf. G
    	StuH 42 Ausf. G
    	StuH 42 Ausf. G
    	StuH 42 Ausf. G
    	A variant of the venerable StuG III Ausf. G, the Sdkfz. 142/2 was nicknamed after its devastating 10.5 cm Sturmhaubitze 42 howitzer. Designed as close-range fire support for infantry, its high-explosive shells punished soft targets.
    	A variant of the venerable StuG III Ausf. G, the Sdkfz. 142/2 was nicknamed after its devastating 10.5 cm Sturmhaubitze 42 howitzer. Designed as close-range fire support for infantry, its high-explosive shells punished soft targets.
    	A variant of the venerable StuG III Ausf. G, the Sdkfz. 142/2 was nicknamed after its devastating 10.5 cm Sturmhaubitze 42 howitzer. Designed as close-range fire support for infantry, its high-explosive shells punished soft targets.
    	A variant of the venerable StuG III Ausf. G, the Sdkfz. 142/2 was nicknamed after its devastating 10.5 cm Sturmhaubitze 42 howitzer. Designed as close-range fire support for infantry, its high-explosive shells punished soft targets.
    	A variant of the venerable StuG III Ausf. G, the Sdkfz. 142/2 was nicknamed after its devastating 10.5 cm Sturmhaubitze 42 howitzer. Designed as close-range fire support for infantry, its high-explosive shells punished soft targets.
    	Armaments: 10.5 cm leFH 18, Hull MG34, *Pintle MG42, Armor: 80mm, Role: Infantry Support, Speed: 40 km/h. Effective at long range vs. armor. 
    	Armaments: 10.5 cm leFH 18, *MG42 (Pintle), Armor: 80mm, Role: Infantry Support, Speed: 40 km/h.
    	Medium tank, (Traits: + Accurate, +/- Turretless, + Cheaper, + High Durability): Can be used as a regular tank or a tank destroyer.
    	Self-propelled howitzer, (Traits: + Accurate, +/- Turretless, + Cheaper, + High Durability): Can be used as a regular tank or a tank destroyer.
    	Self-propelled howitzer, (Traits: + Accurate, +/- Turretless, + Cheaper, + High Durability): Can be used as a regular tank or a tank destroyer.
    	The 1st Breakthrough Artillery is part of the 2nd Belorussian Front, an army group-sized unit that fought in the Prussian & Pomerian Offensives, and the final Battle of Berlin. They were known for their massive arsenal of pre-war artillery guns.
    	The soldiers of the 1st Breakthrough Artillery Division are infamous for their viciousness, charging headlong into battle with little more than their rifles and an overwhelming desire to win. Their foes remarked they fought like rabid dogs.
    	Can only field 1 Airborne Sniper at a time.
    	Sniper, concealed behind cover, best used to eliminate specific targets from extreme range. Limit of 1 Squad.
    	Sniper, concealed behind cover, team of one marksman and spotter to improve survivability. Limit of 1 Squad.
    	Reserve infantry, reluctant troops drawn from captured Eastern Front soldiers & prison camps, yet surprisingly well-equipped.
    	Armaments: (L1A1-No. 32), *Bren, Skill: Ace, Role: Sniper.
    	352nd Infantrie Division Grenadiere Squad
    	352nd Infantrie Division Grenadiere Squad
    	352. Infanterie-Division Hauptmann Retinue
    	352nd Infantrie Division Hauptmann Retinue
    	352. Infanterie-Division Leutnant Retinue
    	90th PzGren. Division Grenadiere Squad
    	90. Grenadier-Division Leutnant Retinue
    	<locstring name="ui_squad_name_override" value="11281" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	3rd Luftwaffe 
    	3. Fallschirmjäger-Division Leutnant Retinue
    	3rd Luftwaffe-Feld Division Leutnant Retinue
    	3. Fallschirmjäger-Division Hauptmann Retinue
    	716th Static Infantrie Division Grenadiere Squad
    	716. Infanterie-Division Hauptmann Retinue
    	716th Static Infantrie Division Hauptmann Retinue
    	716. Infanterie-Division Leutnant Retinue
    	15th PzGren. Division Grenadiere Squad
    	15. Panzergrenadier-Division Pz.Bfw. IV Ausf. H
    	15th PzGren. Division Hauptmann Retinue
    	15. Panzergrenadier-Division Leutnant Retinue
    	246. Volksgrenadier-Division Leutnant Retinue
    	246th Volksgrenadiere Division Leutnant Retinue
    	246. Volksgrenadier-Division Hauptmann Retinue
    	9th SS-Panzer Division Hauptsturmführer Retinue
    	<locstring name="ui_squad_name_override" value="11298" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	<locstring name="ui_squad_name_override" value="11298" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	SS-Panzer-Brigade 150 Hauptsturmführer Retinue
    	SS-Panzer-Brigade 150 Hauptsturmführer Retinue
    	SS-Panzer-Brigade 150 Hauptsturmführer Retinue
    	SS-Panzer-Brigade 150 Hauptsturmführer Retinue
    	SS-Panzer-Brigade 150 Hauptsturmführer Retinue
    	9. SS-Panzer-Division Untersturmführer
    	9th SS-Panzer Division Sturmbannführer Retinue
    	SS-Panzer-Brigade 150 Sturmbannführer Retinue
    	SS-Panzer-Brigade 150 Untersturmführer Retinue
    	17. SS-Panzergrenadier-Division Hauptsturmführer
    	17th SS-Panzergrenadiere Division Hauptsturmführer Retinue 
    	17th SS-Panzergrenadiere Division Sturmbannführer Retinue 
    	17th SS-Panzergrenadiere Division Sturmbannführer Retinue 
    	17. SS-Panzergrenadier-Division Untersturmführer
    	5th SS-Panzer 'Wiking' Division
    	5th SS-Panzer Division Hauptsturmführer Retinue 
    	5th SS-Panzer Division 
    	1st SS-Panzer Division Sturmbannführer Retinue 
    	5th SS-Panzer Division Sturmbannführer Retinue 
    	5th SS-Panzer Division Untersturmführer Retinue 
    	3. SS-Panzer-Division Hauptsturmführer
    	3rd SS-Panzer Division Sturmbannführer Retinue 
    	3. SS-Panzer Division Untersturmführer Retinue 
    	2. SS-Panzer-Division Hauptsturmführer
    	2. SS-Panzer-Division Pz.Bfw. IV Ausf. F1
    	2. SS-Panzer-Division Untersturmführer
    	67-ya Gvardeyskaya Strelkovaya Diviziya Saperi
    	112-ya Tankovaya Brigada Saperi
    	69th Rifle Division Strelki Squad
    	69-ya Motostrelkovaya Diviziya Saperi
    	150-ya Motostrelkovaya Diviziya Saperi
    	13-ya Gvardeyskaya Strelkovaya Diviziya Saperi
    	1-ya Gvardeyskaya Artilleriyskaya Diviziya Saperi
    	67th Guards 'Vitebsk' Rifle Division
    	67-ya Gvardeyskaya Strelkovaya Diviziya Leytenánt
    	112-ya Tankovaya Brigada Leytenánt
    	69th Rifle Division Kommissar Retinue
    	150th Rifle Division Kommissar Retinue
    	13-ya Gvardeyskaya Strelkovaya Diviziya Leytenánt
    	1-ya Gvardeyskaya Artilleriyskaya Diviziya Leytenánt
    	1st Breakthrough Artillery Division Stabskapitän Retinue
    	13-ya Gvardeyskaya Strelkovaya Diviziya Kapitan
    	3-ya Udarnaya Armiya Mayór
    	Special Purpose Division Mayór Retinue
    	112-ya Tankovaya Brigada Stabskapitän
    	67-ya Gvardeyskaya Strelkovaya Diviziya Kapitan
    	11th Armoured Division Valentine Command Tank
    	11th Armoured Division Major Retinue
    	Guards Armoured Division Valentine Command Tank
    	Guards Armored Division Major Retinue
    	The Seaforth Highlanders Captain Retinue
    	The Seaforth Highlanders Major Retinue
    	Royal Hamilton Light Infantry Major Retinue
    	Royal Hamilton Light Infantry Captain Retinue
    	Sherwood Rangers Yeomanry Major Retinue
    	Sherwood Rangers Yeomanry Captain Retinue
    	GHQ Liason Regimental Major Retinue
    	GHQ Liason Retinue Captain Retinue
    	Royal Fusiliers Major Section
    	Royal Fusiliers Captain Retinue
    	Grenadier Guard Major Retinue
    	Grenadier Guard Captain Retinue
    	4th Commando Brigade Major Retinue
    	4th Commando Brigade Captain Retinue
    	1st Commando Brigade Major Retinue
    	1st Commando Brigade Captain Retinue
    	79th Specialist Armoured Division Major Retinue
    	79th Specialist Armoured Division Captain Retinue
    	7th Armoured Division Major Retinue
    	7th Armoured Division Captain Retinue
    	1st Infantry Division Major Retinue
    	1st Infantry Division Lieutenant Retinue
    	1st Infantry Division Captain Retinue
    	10th Mountain Division Major Retinue
    	10th Mountain Retinue Lieutenant Retinue
    	10th Mountain Retinue Captain Retinue
    	2nd Mechanized Cavalry Group Major Retinue
    	2nd Mechanized Cavalry Group Lieutenant Retinue
    	2nd Mechanized Cavalry Group Captain Retinue
    	4th Infantry Division Major Retinue
    	4th Infantry Division Major Retinue
    	4th Infantry Division Lieutenant Retinue
    	4th Infantry Division Captain Retinue
    	4th Armored Division Major Retinue
    	4th Armored Division Lieutenant Retinue
    	4th Armored Division Captain Retinue
    	101st Airborne Division Major Retinue
    	101st Airborne Division Lieutenant Retinue
    	101st Airborne Retinue Captain Retinue
    	The 4th Armored Division eschewed the elaborate nicknames other units adopted during the war, citing 'the Fourth Armored Division was name enough.' It formed the tip of the spear for Patton's Third Army as he trampled through Europe.
    	The 4th AD had garnered fame throughout its wartime service, from relieving the 101st Airborne at Bastogne, destroying heavy Axis armor via a Bazooka-mounted scout plane, and a future tank named after one of its commanders.
    	Load Pzgr. 38 HEAT Round
    	Load Armor-Piercing Composite Rigid 
    	Fires an Armor-Piercing Composite Rigid Round, which provide trades blast radius for high accuracy and armor penetration.
    	Left-click ability, left-click target enemy. Effective against armored vehicles.
    	Unlocks the 166th Siberian Division Troops.
    	Unlocks the Valentine Light Tank.
    	Light Tanks
    	Heroes of the Soviet Union
    	Veterancy 3
    	The squad's glorious deeds have made them heroes of the Motherland!
    	Inspired by their heroic comrades, troops
    	Infantry receive 5% increased weapon accuracy
    	Infantry receive 5% reduced hit chance, 33% faster point revert, and 10% increased weapon accuracy within the sector.
    	Infantry receive 5% reduced hit chance, and 5% increased weapon accuracy around the squad.
    	Adds a short 15-meter aura around the squad that increases infantry weapon accuracy for 5%, and reduced hit chance by 5%.
    	Nearby infantry, even if suppressed, will rally on the Guards squad. The rallying troops with briefly get an increase to weapon damage as well as defensive positioning.
    	Veterancy 1
    	Nearby infantry, even if suppressed, will rally on the Guards squad. The rallying troops with briefly get an increase to weapon damage as well as defensive positioning.
    	Click to activate. Duration 8s. Range: 35m. Infantry receive 20% reduced hit chance, and 20% increased weapon accuracy around the squad.
    	Nearby infantry, even if suppressed, will rally on the Guards squad. The rallying troops with briefly get an increase to weapon accuracy & improved survivability.
    	Type: Automatic Rifle, Rate of Fire: Semi-Auto, Cartridge: 7.92x57mm, Capacity: 20 Rounds, Effective at long range vs. infantry. 
    	Direct Fire 
    	General purpose infantry, (Traits: + Passive Healing, + Camouflage): Extremely versatile, use to support other infantry, or stage ambushes. Limit of 2 Squads.
    	8 Command Points
    	Rear Echelon receive Sticky Bombs (Upgrade).
    	Rear Echelon receive the M18 Recoilless Rifle (Upgrade).
    	Riflemen receive the M1928A1 Thompson SMGs 50rd. (Upgrade). Rear Echelon receive the Repair Team (Upgrade).
    	(PASSIVE) PIAT Anti-Tank Launcher
    	Sapers receive the PIAT Spigot Mortar (Upgrade).
    	Brought to the Eastern Front via Lend-Lease, the PIAT fires arcing hollow-charge rounds able to destroy armoured targets.
    	Brought to the Eastern Front via Lend-Lease, the PIAT fires arcing hollow-charge rounds able to destroy armoured targets.
    	Troops receive the British PIAT, an anti-tank launcher that fires powerful arcing shots over medium ranges.
    	Prizyvnik receive the Rudimentary Repairs (Upgrade), Sapers receive ZB. vz 30 LMG (Upgrade), Frontoviki receive Concealment Training (Upgrade), Tank-Killers receive M1A1 Bazookas (Upgrade).
    	Abandoned DP-28 Light Machine Gun; pick up with infantry.
    	Abandoned Lewis Automatic Machine Gun; pick up with infantry.
    	Lewis Automatic Machine Gun
    	Lewis Automatic Machine Gun
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ High Capacity, + Long Bursts, - Low ROF).
    	Type: Machine Gun, Rate of Fire: 600 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.92x57mm, Capacity: 97 Rounds. Effective at long range vs. infantry.
    	Lewis Mk.1 Automatic Machine Gun
    	One of the most iconic British weapon of the First World War, its astounding reliability led to its continued service over a century after its introduction.
    	Veterancy 2
    	Unlocks the 1st Assault Brigade, and 11th Hussars.
    	Assault infantry, (Traits: + Fast Ability Recharge, + Passive Healing, + Camouflage, + Ignores Movement Penalties): Can be armed to effectively engage armor or infantry alike.
    	Rangers are experts in forward reconnaissance, scouting out and eliminating small pockets of enemy forces with long range firepower. The venerable M1903 Springfield is favored by Rangers for its accuracy at long ranges.
    	The 5th Rangers are some the very best soldiers the United States has to offer, their legacy dating back before the Revolutionary War. Highly-trained and extremely capable, the 5th Rangers fought the war to its very end. 
    	Maschinengewehr 30
    	Arming Germany and her allies prior to the war, the largely unknown Maschinengewehr 30 laid the groundwork for the Third Reich's more iconic weapons.
    	Three Command Points Mizo, THREE. 
    	Propaganda War
    	An extensive propaganda campaign keeps enemy troops demoralized for an extended period of time. Inflicts minor damage in close proximity.
    	<locstring name="extra_text" value="2951" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Left-click ability, left-click target area. Fires 3 Rounds. Delay 5s.
    	9 Command Points
    	<locstring name="extra_text" value="2951" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	21cm Rocket Barrage
    	Call in an off-map barrage of devastating 21cm Nebelwerfer Rockets to target area.
    	12 Command Points
    	12 Command Points
    	Fw 200 'Condor' Bombing Run
    	The single Lancaster Bomber will conduct a high-speed bombing run, saturating the area with massive high-explosive bombs.
    	Duration 60s. 
    	One of the last Guard divisions of Great Britain to be formed, the Welsh Guard served admirably, having earned the Victoria Cross, the British Army's highest military honor, on multiple occasions.
    	Left-click ability, does not self-repair when Braced. Duration: 60s.
    	Formed under the orders of Queen Victoria at the turn of the twentieth century, in honor of Ireland's war contributions. The Irish Guard have a brief, but decorated service record; serving with distinction on the Western Front during both World Wars. 
    	Pintle Gun Destroyed
    	<locstring name="screen_name" value="7848" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Allows access to defensive barrage abilities that can be fired within friendly territory, regardless of range.
    	<locstring name="extra_text" value="11074506" />
    	Forward Observers
    	The squad is trained to become Forward Observers, granting them improved situational awareness. 
    	Infantry squads now see further while in cover or garrisoned.
    	Veterancy 1
    	M1A1 Thompson SMG Shipment (x2)
    	Submachine Gun, Cal .45, M128A1 (30rd.) (x2)
    	STEN Mk. V SMG Shipment (x2)
    	STEN Mk. V Submachine Gun (x2)
    	The STEN's remarkable ability to use captured MP40 magazines and rounds, and simple production, made it a popular design amongst many countries.
    	The STEN's remarkable ability to use captured MP40 magazines and rounds, and simple production, made it a popular design amongst many countries.
    	An update on the ubiquitous design, featuring wooden grips, a full stock, an superior ironsights for better ergonomics.
    	The Thompson provided the British Army with powerful close-quarters firepower prior to the adoption of the STEN, with the two continuing to serve side-by-side after its introduction.
    	The M1928A1 Thompson is known famously as the 'Chicago Typewriter,' featuring a distinctive compensator, foregrip, and with or without a large drum magazine.
    	3 Command Points
    	New unit - No. 30 Commandos - available for deployment. This unit can be deployed from ambient buildings. Click and select location in line of sight to deploy.
    	A squad of 1st Airborne Division Paratrooper Assault Team can be deployed to the battlefield. The Fire Team specializes in medium to far range engagements.
    	A squad of No. 30 Assault Commandos can be deployed to the battlefield. The Fire Team specializes in medium to far range engagements.
    	A squad of No. 30 Assault Commandos can be deployed to the battlefield. The No. 30 Commandos specializes primarily in infiltration, and can be deployed without sight radius.
    	Infiltrate No. 30 Commandos
    	Infiltrate 1st Commandos
    	A squad of 1st Commando Brigade Commandos can be deployed to the battlefield. The 1st Commandos specializes in medium to far range engagements.
    	A squad of 1st Commando Brigade Commandos can be deployed to the battlefield. The 1st Commandos specializes in close to medium range engagements.
    	2 Command Points
    	4 Command Points
    	3 Command Points
    	Rifle Sections automatically camouflage themselves at Veterancy 1 whilst in cover.
    	Plant Limpet Charge 
    	Left-click to select ability, left-click on enemy target. Effective at short range vs. static targets.
    	Explosive Charge, a magnetic naval mine with an anti-tampering device to prevent defusal, the charge will explode with considerable force after a set timer.
    	Infantry sections will receive a combat bonus while fighting in cover!
    	Click to activate. Duration 30s. Troops receive 30% faster reload times, & 20% faster weapon cooldown while in cover.
    	Armaments: (STEN Mk. IISs), *Bren Mk. 1/2s, *PIAT, *M9 Bazooka, *L1A1-No. 32, Skill: Ace, Role: Infiltration. 
    	Armaments: (Lee-Enfields/Webleys, Mk. VI) *Vickers K, *Scoped Lee-Enfield, *Boys AT, Training: Elite, Role: Infiltration. Effective at medium range vs. infantry.
    	Armaments: (Lee-Enfields/Webleys, Mk. VI) *Vickers K, *Scoped Lee-Enfield, *Boys AT, Training: Elite, Role: Infiltration. Effective at medium range vs. infantry.
    	Who Dares Wins!
    	Construct the Company Command Post to gain access to this building.
    	Construct the Company Command Post to gain accessibility to this building.
    	Construct the Platoon Command Post to gain access to this building.
    	2 Command Points
    	4 Command Points
