    	83rd Naval Infantry Brigade Battlegroup
    	Break through the enemy's frontline with powerful naval infantry. This battlegroup can be used in assault, infiltration, and airborne operations.
    	Can only field (2) 101st AB Pathfinders at a time.
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ Fast Reload, + High Accuracy, + Long Bursts, - Low ROF).
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ Suppressive, + High Accuracy, + Long Bursts, - Low ROF).
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ Suppressive, + High Accuracy, + Long Bursts, - Low ROF).
    	Let the criminals, cowards, and other scum fight to redeem themselves in the eyes of the Third Reich- or die trying. 
    	Lead veteran squads and elite infantry, armed with powerful weapons, to victory for the Fatherland.
    	Crush the enemies of the Fatherland under the treads of your mighty Panzers.
    	81mm Mortar Cover
    	After the fall of Tobruk the 15th was put on the defensive, fighting heroically to hold Axis lines. Forced to surrender with the Afrika-Korps in May 1943, the unit was reformed that July in Sicily as the new 15. Panzergrenadier-Division.
    	Rifle Grenade, an improvised 60mm mortar round that can be fired from a rifle grenade adaptor. Does considerable damage. 
    	Fire M49A2 High-Explosive Round
    	M49A2 High-Explosive Mortar Rounds
    	Rifle grenades provides longer range over regular grenades, at the cost of a smaller payload.
    	High-explosive mortar shell fired from a rifle grenade adapter, packs considerable punch.
    	Veterancy 2
    	Rocket Launcher, M1A1 'Bazooka'
    	One of the first shoulder-fired rocket launchers, stocks of the M1A1 'Bazooka' are still readily available for use against enemy tanks.
    	(PASSIVE) Repair Team
    	Rear Echelon receive the Repair Team (Upgrade).
    	Our rear-line troops are taught improved emergency repair techniques.
    	Can only field 2 105mm Sherman Tanks at a time.
    	Type: Assault Rifle, Rate of Fire: 600 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.92x33mm, Capacity: 30 Rounds, Effective at long range vs. infantry. 
    	Sturmgewehr 44 (Zf.4)
    	Deploy 9th Infantry Division Veteran Squads x2. Click and select location to deploy.
    	The experienced veterans from the 9th Infantry can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup is excels at medium-range combat, and arrives with randomized veterancy.
    	9th Infantry Division Battlegroup
    	4 Command Points
    	Panzergrenadiere/Engineer infantry, (Traits: + Repair Tools, + Wire Cutters, + Mechanized Assault Passive): Versatile combat troops that can support vehicles and function as regular infantry.
    	Engineer infantry, (Traits: + Repair Tools, + Wire Cutters): Versatile combat troops that can support vehicles and function as regular infantry.
    	Armaments: (M1 Carbines, M3 Grease Gun), *M1 Garands x2, *M3 Grease Guns x2, *M9 Bazooka w. M6A3, Skill: Regular, Role: Vehicle Crew.
    	10th SS-Panzer Division Panzergrenadiere
    	10th SS-Pz.Gren Panzergrenadiere
    	SS-Freiwilligen-Gebirgs-Division ‘Prinz Eugen’ Jäger
    	The veteran 10th-SS Panzers can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup is adept at engaging regular armor.
    	The 10th SS-Panzer 'Frundsberg' Division was formed in the 1943, not seeing combat until 1944 in Ukraine. From then, it would constantly find itself transferred back and forth between the the Eastern and Western Front to fight the ever-increasing Allied forces.
    	Having fought originally as a 
    	Formed of ethnic Albanians, the 'Skanderbeg' Division is named after a famed Albanian lord. Division in name only, the unit never had more than a brigade's worth of soldiers. Alongside the 13th-Handschar, they primarily conducted anti-partisan operations.
    	Alpine Troops
    	This unit has increased resistance to the effects of cold weather.
    	2nd New Zealand Division Rifles
    	2nd New Zealand Rifles
    	Type: Automatic Rifle, Rate of Fire: 650 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.62x63mm, Capacity: 20 Rounds. Effective at medium range vs. infantry. 
    	Charlton Automatic Rifle
    	Charlton Automatic Rifle
    	Type: Automatic Rifle, Rate of Fire: 600 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.92x57mm, Capacity: 30 Rounds, Quantity: 2. Effective at medium range vs. infantry. 
    	Charlton Automatic Rifle (x2)
    	A highly-modified Lee-Enfield rifle that can fire fully automatic, manufactured in both New Zealand & Australia. It feeds using Bren Machine Gun magazines.
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ High Damage, + Accurate, - Short Bursts, - Expensive).
    	Charlton Automatic Rifle
    	Deploy 2nd New Zealand Rifle Sections x2, M3 Halftrack x1. Click and select location to deploy.
    	The 2nd New Zealand Division can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup can be rapidly deployed to the frontline.
    	2nd New Zealand Division Mechanized Battlegroup
    	Haka!
    	Haka!
    	Stubborn but bold, the 2nd fought in vain to hold Greece in 1941. Outgunned on Crete by the elite Fallschirmjäger, its men became ‘Freyberg’s Forty Thousand Thieves’ after capturing and turning the enemies’ weapons against their former owners.
    	Armaments: (Lee-Enfields, M1A1 Thompson), *M1 Carbines x2, *Charlton Rifles x2, *No. 2 Flamethrower, *PIAT, Skill: Experienced, Role: Assault.
    	2nd New Zealand Division Rifle Section
    	Competent assault infantry that can be armed with automatic rifles.
    	3 Command Points
    	3 Command Points
    	The iconic 'Ghillie Suit' was designed by Scottish hunters, first seeing combat usage in the Second Boer War, by none other than the Scottish Highlanders. They would later go on to become Britain's very first sniper unit during World War I.
    	42nd Royal Highlanders Marksmen Section
    	42nd Blackwatch Marksmen
    	RPG-6 Anti-Tank Grenade Assault
    	RPG-6 Anti-Tank Grenade Assault
    	RPG-6 Anti-Tank Grenade Assault
    	Deploy 42nd Blackwatch Marksmen Section x2. Click and select location to deploy.
    	42nd 'Black Watch' Marksmen Battlegroup
    	The Scottish 42nd 'Black Watch' Marksmen can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup can provide effective long-ranged marksmanship.
    	Left-click ability, left-click target area. Fires 6 Rounds. Delay 5s.
    	Left-click ability, left-click target area. Fires 3 Rounds. Delay 5s.
    	AI Script - Conscript Squads
    	AI Script - Grenadiere Squads
    	AI Script - Volksgrenadiere Squads
    	Armaments: (SVT-40s, PPS-43), *DP-28, *PTRS-41, *M91/30-PU, *RNM-50, Training: Ace, Role: Infiltration. Effective at long range vs. infantry.
    	Unreleased, coming soon!
    	Built in 1934, the 45th neutralized key fortifications during the invasion of France. Participating in the Battle of Stalingrad, the unit was instrumental in supporting regular troops during the murderous house-to-house fighting.
    	Created from scratch, the 17th lacked significant armor support and fully staffed leadership. Despite its shortcomings, the division established a reputation for unbridled aggression and repeatedly engaged superior Allied forces.
    	Formed in 1862, the R.H.L.I. Regiment is one of Canada’s oldest infantry units and served valiantly in the Great War. After war broke out in 1939, the ‘Rileys’ were placed under the 2nd Canadian Infantry Division for Operation Jubilee.
    	The ‘Rileys’ first saw combat on 19 August 1942 during the disastrous ‘Dieppe Raid’. Landing with 582 men, eight hours of fighting reduced the regiment to 102 survivors. Two years later the ‘Rileys’ finally returned to France after D-Day.
    	During Operation Spring in July 1944, the ‘Rileys’ were the only Allied unit to hold its objective, the town of Verrières. Fighting for the Scheldt and Rhineland in the winter of 1944-45, the regiment finished the war deep inside Germany.
    	The ‘Red Devils’ quickly earned a reputation for daring gallantry by conducting difficult, if not impossible raids. In 1943, they supported British units in Africa, Sicily, and Italy before being transferred to England in late 1943 for refit.  
    	After Operation Overlord, the 1st Airborne Division seized V1 rocket sites and other key objectives until Fall 1944. Tasked with spearheading Market Garden, the ‘Red Devils’ lost eight thousand men attempting to capture Arnhem.
    	Formed in France in 1939 as the No. 3 British Air Mission, the unit was attached to the Belgian General Staff. With the incorporation of radios, and vehicles, the No. 3 acted as forward observers who reported real time information.
    	In early 1941 the unit was redesignated the GHQ Liaison, and earned the nickname ‘Phantoms’ due to their new roles. The unit worked alongside SAS troops in Africa, and Commando units during raids conducted on the French coast.
    	During D-Day, the ‘Phantoms’ were responsible for mapping Allied units and positions. Later serving in Market Garden, the ‘Phantoms’ were the only unit to establish contact with the devastated airborne troops at Arnhem.
    	Commandos of the 1st Brigade are meticulously trained in silent killing, close-quarter fighting, weaponry, demolition and a host of other skills. Experts in the art of war, the commandos conducted all training with live ammunition.
    	The 1st maintained a unique personality, landing at Sword Beach and fighting across Normandy to the playing of bagpipes. In Spring 1945, the unit charged enemy positions at the Weser River with bayonets to the sound of hunting horns.
    	The 1st maintained a unique personality, landing at Sword Beach and fighting across Normandy to the playing of bagpipes. In Spring 1945, the unit charged enemy positions at the Weser River with bayonets to the sound of hunting horns.
    	In late 1941, the 1st Commandos conducted Operation Archery, where they destroyed German installations and supplies at Vågsøy. The success of the raid destabilized Nazi relations with Norway, leading Hitler to devote 30,000 garrison troops.
    	After the failed Dieppe Raid in August 1942, the commandos were retrained for Operation Overlord. Supporting Allied advances across France, the 1st secured key objectives at Caen, Ouistreham and Bréville in late June.
    	Pulled to England in September 1944, the 1st was reformed with the intention to begin operations in the Far East. However the commandos were resent to the Continent when the Ardennes Offensive threatened to break British lines.
    	At the behest of Winston Churchill, the No. 4 Commandos were formed in 1940. Conducting the famous St. Nazaire raid in March 1942, No. 4 was selected for the doomed Dieppe Raid where it was the only unit to complete its objective.
    	Reassigned to the 1st Special Service Brigade several months after Dieppe, No. 4 continued to conduct raids along the French coast. During D-Day the commandos supported Sword Beach landings but sustained fifty percent casualties.
    	Withdrawn in September 1944, the No. 4 Commando was refitted and attached to 4th SSB. The commandos executed key attacks at the Scheldt and Walcheren Causeway in late 1944, before being disbanded after the Third Reich capitulated.
    	The Black Death!
    	Vicious naval infantry can assault the enemy with utmost tenacity!
    	Formed in 1939 from SS-Verfügungstruppe regiments, the 2nd SS-VT served as Hitler’s private army and predecessor to the Waffen-SS. In recognition for its actions in the low countries, the 2nd received the honorary title ‘Das Reich’.
    	Nearly obliterated during the Ardennes Offensive, the 2nd was reinforced and refitted for the Budapest relief attempts of 1945. Underequipped and understrength, the unit faced the endless Red Tide with only 12 operational tanks.
    	Determined to avenge Kursk, the 2nd crushed multiple Soviet attacks along the Dnieper. Rebuilt as a Panzer division in fall 1943, ‘Das Reich’ fought alongside the 17th SS at Saint-Lô and Caen before both narrowly escaped the Falaise Pocket.
    	As it fought its way west ‘Das Reich’ expended seventy percent of its remaining equipment and men. At Prague, Dresden and Vienna it helped thousands of civilians flee the barbaric Red Army before yielding to U.S. forces in May 1945.
    	During the drive to Moscow, the 2nd suffered sixty-percent casualties. Pulled to France in 1942 for refit, the new 2. SS-Panzergrenadier-Division was assigned anti-partisan duty and callously butchered several hundred civilians and partisans.
    	Assigned to counter Italian resistance in 1943, ‘LSSAH’ was transferred back to France in response to D-Day. With 22,000 men it tenaciously defended Caen, but was pulled to refit for the defense of France and the Ardennes Offensive.
    	The ‘LSSAH’ rarely kept prisoners for long and throughout the war butchered thousands of POWs and civilians. Merciless, brutally efficient killers, the 1st committed numerous atrocities and massacres on both the West and Ostfront.
    	Driven to Vienna after failing to relieve Budapest in 1945, the 1st was mustered in April to defend Berlin with 1,600 men. Only 800 survivors of ‘LSSAH’ broke out of Berlin and surrendered to the US at Steyr on May 8th.
    	Sustaining appalling losses in early 1942, ‘LSSAH’ was sent to France and reorganized in July. Redesignated the 1. SS-Panzergrenadier-Division, the unit reclaimed Kharkov in March 1943 before shielding the Axis retreat after Kursk.
    	The 352nd tenaciously defended Normandy but was declared unfit for service by July. Rebuilt in September 1944 around surviving officers and soldiers, the new 352. Volksgrenadier-Division was reinforced by fresh coastal marine units.
    	Less than 1,500 survivors of the 716th’s original 7,716 men were mustered in Le Mans by July 1st. Destroyed again a month later during Anvil Dragoon, the OKW reformed survivors in April 1945 into the 716th Volksgrenadier-Division.
    	Fragmentation Rounds
    	Fragmentation rounds are issued to the tank crew. Replaces High-Explosive Rounds.
    	High Explosive anti-tank rounds are issued to the tank crew.
    	<locstring name="extra_text" value="8731" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	HEAT rounds are issued to the tank crew. Replaces Smoke Shell ability.
    	122mm Howitzer Barrage
    	The M-30 Field Howitzer fires a salvo of 122mm rounds into the targeted area.
    	Left-click ability, left-click target area. Fires 10 Rounds.
    	Left-click ability, left-click target area. Fires 8 Rounds.
    	Left-click ability, left-click target area. Fires 4 Rounds.
    	The M-30 Field Howitzer fires a half salvo at reduced price, can be used more frequently.
    	122mm Howitzer Half Barrage
    	M-30 122mm Gun-Howitzer
    	M-30 122mm Gun-Howitzer
    	M-30 122mm Gun-Howitzer
    	122-mm Gaubitsa Obraztsa 1938 Goda (M-30)
    	M-30 122mm Gun-Howitzer
    	leFH 18 Artillery
    	M-30 Howitzer
    	Type: Howitzer, Blast Radius: Moderate, Penetration: High, Scatter: Moderate, Cartridge: 122mm, Effective at very long range vs. all targets.
    	Artillery emplacement, medium gun that can reign large explosive shells from extreme range.
    	The Soviet M-30 122mm Howitzer is able to send powerful barrages at extreme range. In terms of firepower, it places between more conventional 105mm & 152mm artillery, albeit slow to load.
    	The Soviet M-30 122mm Howitzer is able to send powerful barrages at extreme range. In terms of firepower, it places between more conventional 105mm & 152mm artillery, albeit slow to load.
    	The Soviet M-30 122mm Howitzer is able to send powerful barrages at extreme range. In terms of firepower, it places between more conventional 105mm & 152mm artillery, albeit slow to load.
    	The Soviet M-30 122mm Howitzer is able to send powerful barrages at extreme range. In terms of firepower, it places between more conventional 105mm & 152mm artillery, albeit slow to load.
    	The Soviet M-30 122mm Howitzer is able to send powerful barrages at extreme range. In terms of firepower, it places between more conventional 105mm & 152mm artillery, albeit slow to load.
    	The Soviet M-30 122mm Howitzer is able to send powerful barrages at extreme range. In terms of firepower, it places between more conventional 105mm & 152mm artillery, albeit slow to load.
    	Can only field 2 M-30 Howitzers at a time.
    	Pak 43 8.8cm Anti-Tank Gun
    	Pak 43 8.8cm AT Gun
    	100-mm Polevaya Pushka Obraztsa 1944 Goda (BS-3)
    	BS-3
    	The Red Army's answer to German heavy armour, the 100mm BS-3 can reliably penetrate and destroy any tank that they can hope to produce; assuming it lands on target.
    	Type: Anti-Tank Gun, Accuracy: High, Damage: Extreme, Penetration: Extreme, Cartridge: 100mm, Effective at very long range vs. light vehicles & armour.
    	Type: Anti-Tank Gun, Accuracy: Moderate, Damage: Extreme, Penetration: Extreme, Cartridge: 100mm, Effective at very long range vs. light vehicles & armour.
    	Load Pzgr. 39/43 APCBC-HE Round
    	Load High-Explosive Round
    	BS-3 100mm Anti-Tank Gun
    	100-mm Polevaya Pushka Obraztsa 1944 Goda (BS-3)
    	100-mm Polevaya Pushka Obraztsa 1944 Goda (BS-3)
    	Anti-tank gun, (Traits: + High Damage, + Extra Range, - Slow Reload, - Stationary): Great at destroying any tank from an extremely long range.
    	Armaments: (8.8 cm Pak 43, K98s, MP40), Crew: 5, Training: Regular, Role: Anti-Tank. Effective at long range vs. armor & emplacements. 
    	Armaments: (100 mm BS-3, Mosin-Nagants, PPSh-41), Crew: 6, Training: Regular, Role: Anti-Tank. Effective at long range vs. armor & emplacements. 
    	Saturate target area with Smoke shells to disrupt sight-lines.
    	Fire 76mm Smoke Barrage
    	Barrage Weapon. Left-click ability, left-click target area. Fires 8 Rounds. Can be fired on the move.
    	Barrage Weapon. Left-click ability, left-click target area. Fires 6 Rounds. 
    	6 Command Points
    	6 Command Points
    	Belarusian Anti-Tank Team
    	Belarusian Anti-Tank Team
    	Can only field 2 Belarusian Anti-Tank Teams at a time.
    	Armaments: (Mosin-Nagants, PTRS-41), *M1A1 Bazooka, Training: Regular, Role: Anti-Armor. Effective at long range vs. light vehicles & emplacements.
    	Armaments: (Mosin-Nagants, PTRD), Skill: Regular, Role: Anti-Vehicle.
    	Infiltrate Belarusian Anti-Tank Team
    	A team of Belarusian Anti-Tank troops can be deployed to the battlefield. This two-man irregular team arrives with a high-caliber PTRD anti-tank rifle.
    	New unit - Belarusian Anti-Tank Team - available for deployment. This unit can be deployed from ambient buildings. Click and select location to deploy.
    	5 Command Points
    	The Command Post acts as a retreat point, allowing soldiers to retreat to its position.
    	Infantry retreat to the nearest retreat point or HQ Territory. Sector will blip on the minimap while active.
    	Loading Smoke Round...
    	Loading Frag Round...
    	Loading HEAT Round...
    	Loading HE Round...
    	Loading Canister Round...
    	Loading Shrapnel Round...
    	Reloading...
    	Loading Smoke Round...
    	Left-click ability and left-click enemy vehicle or crewed weapon. Tank needs a clear route. 
    	Veterancy 3
    	Veterancy 2
    	Load V-patronen Armor Piercing Rounds
    	Load HE-1 'ZP' Incendiary Rounds
    	Firing Incendiary Armor Piercing Rounds
    	Crew switches to incendiary-explosive ammunition for superior armor penetration against light vehicles.
    	Load HE-1 'ZP' Incendiary-Explosive Rounds
    	Firing Incendiary-Explosive Rounds
    	Using incendiary-explosive ammunition for better armor penetration and damage.
    	Loading Smoke Round...
    	Withdraw!
    	The unit is ordered to retreat if sustaining too much enemy fire!
    	Withdraw!
    	Ability is triggered if the squad drops below 75% total hitpoints. Infantry retreat to the nearest retreat point or HQ. 
    	The squad is ordered to retreat if the area becomes too dangerous.
    	The squad will no longer withdraw until given the order.
    	The unit is ordered to retreat, useful for sending troop transports back to base.
    	Unit will retreat to the nearest retreat point or HQ. 
    	The squad is unable to move while the ability is active. Infantry retreat to the nearest retreat point or HQ Territory. Sector will blip on the minimap while active.
    	Fragmentation rounds are issued to the tank crew. Replaces Shrapnel Rounds.
    	Fragmentation rounds are issued to the tank crew. Replaces Shrapnel Rounds.
    	Armaments: (DShK HMG, SVT-40s), Crew: 3, Skill: Elite, Role: Suppression.
    	3rd Shock Army DShK 38 Heavy Machine Gun
    	3rd Shock DShK 38 HMG
    	Otdel'naya Diviziya Operativnogo Naznacheniya M1938
    	Otdel'naya Diviziya Operativnogo Naznacheniya M1938
    	Otdel'naya Diviziya Operativnogo Naznacheniya PM-41
    	Otdel'naya Diviziya Operativnogo Naznacheniya PM-41
    	Armaments: (82 mm PM-41, SVT-40s), Crew: 3, Training: Elite, Role: Indirect Fire. Effective vs. static infantry and structures.
    	Armaments: (Mosin-Nagant M91/30-PU), *SVT-40-PU, *PTRS-41-PU, Skill: Ace, Role: Sniper.
    	Soviet Snaypers (Snipers) are a product of advanced schools that teach amazing long-range marksmanship. Snaypers' two-man teams utilize teamwork to improve survivability and overall lethality.
    	ODON
    	ODON Snayper
    	Soviet Snaypers (Snipers) are a product of advanced schools that teach amazing long-range marksmanship. Snaypers of the 'Dzerzhinsky' Division are renowned for having claimed thousands of German lives on the Eastern Front.
    	3 Command Points
    	Can only field (1) ODON Snayper at a time.
    	Sniper, concealed behind cover, two-man team, can be used for scouting, or engaging specific infantry targets, reveals hidden units. Limit of 2 Squads.
    	Sniper, concealed behind cover, undetectable on the minimap, and . Limit of 2 Squads.
    	Infiltration/Sniper, (Traits: + Passive Healing, + Camouflage, + High Detection Range, + Invisible on Minimap): Elite sniper with access to various marksman weapons. Limit of 1 Squad.
    	Infiltration/Sniper, (Traits: + Passive Healing, + Camouflage, + Invisible on Minimap):
    	Infiltration/Heavy machine gun, (Traits: + Passive Healing, + Invisible on Minimap): Highly-trained machine gun crew that can destroy light vehicles.
    	Mortar, (Traits: + Large Blast, + Extra Crew+ Long Range, - Large Scatter): Use to deliver a steady rain of supporting fire behind cover.
    	Infiltration/Heavy machine gun, (Traits: + Passive Healing, + Invisible on Minimap): Highly-trained machine gun crew that can destroy light vehicles.
    	Infiltration/Mortar, (Traits: + Passive Healing, + Invisible on Minimap): Commando mortar team armed with semi-automatic rifles.
    	Infiltration/Engineer infantry, (Traits: + Passive Healing, + Camouflage, + Invisible on Minimap): Elite special forces troops that can camouflage as long as they are not moving. Limit of 2 Squads.
    	The 'Special Purpose Division,' are individuals hand-selected from professional athletes, craftsmen, to foreign spies: the precursors of the modern-day Spetsnaz. On the battlefield, they engage in brutal raids behind enemy lines.
    	ODON Voyennyy Inzhener
    	ODON Voyennyy Inzhener
    	The 'ODON,' drew in recruits from various professions; explosives handling being in high demand. Sabotaging supply routes or detonating explosives amidst enemy lines proved to be an invaluable asset.
    	Armaments: (SKS-45s/TT-33s, PPS-43), *PPSh-41s (35/71rd.) x2, *PIAT, *RNM-50, Skill: Ace, Role: Engineer.
    	Infiltration/Engineer infantry, (Traits: + Passive Healing, + Camouflage, + Invisible on Minimap, + Interrogation): Highly-trained engineer team that specializes in planting explosives.
    	Can only field 2 Special Purpose Demolition Teams at a time.
    	Infiltrate ODON Voyennyy Inzhener
    	A four-man team of ODON Troops can be deployed to the battlefield. Demolition Teams excel at... what do you expect?
    	New unit - ODON Demolition Team - available for deployment. This unit can be deployed from ambient buildings. Click and select location to deploy.
    	Can only field 2 Special Purpose Demolition Teams at a time.
    	Veterancy 2
    	Armaments: (75 mm M1 Pack, M1 Garands, M3A1 Grease Gun) Crew: 5, Skill: Regular, Role: Artillery.
    	Armaments: (75 mm M1 Pack, Lee-Enfields, Sten) Crew: 5, Skill: Regular, Role: Artillery.
    	Manpower gain increased by 15%. Can be researched in any order.
    	Manpower gain increased by 15%. Can be researched in any order.
    	Manpower gain increased by 10%. Can be researched in any order.
    	Manpower gain increased by 15%. Can be researched in any order.
    	Firing Positions
    	The squad takes up proper firing positions, drastically increasing accuracy, but the squad is immobile. 
    	Disable Field Maintenance, allowing the vehicle to move.
    	Disable Firing Positions, allowing the squad to move.
    	The squad has increased accuracy, but is immobile.
    	Firing Positions
    	Territory Point
    	Generates Manpower, Munitions, & Fuel resources. Allows construction of Munitions and Fuel posts.
    	Generates Manpower, Munitions, & Fuel resources. Allows construction of designated resource posts.
    	Fuel Point
    	Munitions Point
    	Territory Locked Down by Major!
    	Territory Connected By Field Hospital!
    	Territory Connected By Maintenance Bay!
    	Veterancy 1
    	Veterancy 1
    	Veterancy 1
    	Watchtower
    	Manpower Point
    	Generates increased Manpower resources. Holding this point also grants a wide area of observation on the battlefield.
    	Veterancy 2
    	Unlocks the toggled "Field Maintenance" ability. Replaces the Emergency Repairs ability.
    	Medical Supplies
    	Crew is issued medical supplies to treat any wounded soldier garrisoned within the vehicle.
    	Troops garrisoned inside the vehicle will slowly heal over time.
    	Construction
    	Troops receive 25% increased hit chance, & -20 reduced sight radius while building.
    	After clearing enemy defenses at Omaha and Utah, the 101st fought for 33 consecutive days before refitting for further airborne operations. Jumping into Holland in September, the division spent 72 days fighting against all odds.
    	Recalled to France in November, the 101st rushed to Bastogne during the Ardennes Offensive. Relieved on December 26th 1944, the 101st fought through Alsace and the Ruhr Valley before capturing Berchtesgaden by war’s end.
    	Reactivated in 1942, the 101st underwent extensive training before transferring to England in preparation for D-Day. Parachuting into Normandy the ‘Screaming Eagles’ became the first Americans to set foot in occupied Europe. 
    	Just two days prior to the Ardennes Offensive, the 4th covered 150 miles in nineteen hours as they raced to Belgium. Spearheading Patton’s drive, the division was the first unit to reestablish contact with the 101st at Bastogne. 
    	After securing Utah Beach the ‘Name Enough’ division steadily advanced across France. While fighting in the Lorraine region, the division used superior tactics to render several SS Panzergrenadier Brigades combat ineffective.
    	Six weeks after the Ardennes, the 4th plunged into a relentless advance across Europe. Securing Trier, Worms and the Rhine in March, the division liberated Ohrdruf Concentration Camp in April before reaching Czechoslovakia.
    	Formed in 1942 as the 4th AD, the unit eschewed the elaborate nicknames beloved by other units, citing ‘the Fourth Armored Division was name enough’. Sent to England in late 1943, the unit finally entered combat at Utah Beach.
    	The 4th ‘Iron Horse’ ID briefly fought in World War I before its deactivation in September 1921. Reactivated in 1940, the division became the first Allied ground unit to land during Operation Overlord when it assaulted Utah Beach.
    	After taking Utah Beach, the 4th captured the port of Cherbourg in late June. Alongside the French Resistance and writer Ernest Hemingway, the ‘Iron Horse’ liberated Paris on 25 August before advancing steadily across Belgium.
    	Reaching the famed Siegfried Line in mid-September, the 4th was stalled by intense fighting until late October. Pushing into Germany in November, the division faced stiff resistance at Hurtgen Forest until its transfer to Luxembourg.
    	Transferred to bolster Allied forces in December 1944, the 4th held fast against the Ardennes Offensive. Renewing the assault in late January, the division raced across central and southeast Germany until it arrived at Miesbach in May. 
    	During the advance across Europe, the 2nd became the standard for U.S. MCGs. Utilizing harassment tactics, the unit prevented Axis units from seizing key objectives at Arracourt in September 1945 and at Bastogne in December.
    	The 2nd conducted its greatest mission four days after VE-Day at the town of Hostouň, famous for the Lipizzaner stallions. Known as Operation Cowboy, the unit rescued 300 Allied POWs and herded or rode 670 stallions back to US lines. 
    	The ‘2nd MCG’ first entered combat at Normandy, conducting daring reconnaissance missions under Patton’s Third Army. Crucial to the advance of the Third Army, their actions earned the unit the nickname ‘Ghosts of Patton’s Army’.
    	The Blitzkrieg shocked US forces, who had few mechanized units. Bidding their horses farewell in May 1942, the 2nd Cavalry was formed into the 2nd Armored Regiment and later the 2nd Mechanized Cavalry Group in December 1943.
    	Formed in July 1943 as the 10th Light Division Alpine, the unit is the only US division trained in arctic and mountain warfare. Trained in the harshest of conditions, men of the 10th are experts at surviving and fighting in frigid terrain.
    	The 10th Mountain finally departed for Italy in January 1945, with all three of its regiments at the frontlines by mid-February. Attached to the US Fifth Army, the 10th was tasked to clear enemy artillery positions at Mount Belvedere.
    	Despite ruthless Axis counterattacks, the 10th steadily advanced into Northern Italy before halting fifteen miles from Bologna. Capturing Castel D'Aiano in early March, the 10th severed all Axis support routes leading into the Po Valley.
    	The 10th accepted the surrender of Axis forces in Italy on April 30th, with only 114 days of combat experience. Originally planned to support the invasion of mainland Japan, the division served as security in Austria until wars end.
    	The oldest serving division in the U.S Army, the ‘Big Red One’ forged a reputation for valor during the Great War. After the United States joined the war, the 1st bolstered Allied forces in Algeria in preparation for Operation Torch.
    	During D-Day the 1st ran 300 yards under heavy fire, with some of the division’s units suffering thirty percent casualties in the first hour. After finally breaking out of Normandy, the division captured Saint-Lô and Marigny by July.
    	The ‘Big Red One’ relentlessly advanced across France until reaching Aachen in September. After the Ardennes Offensive, the 1st steamrolled through the Siegfried Line and Remagen Bridge before halting at Czechoslovakia.
    	Later requested by Patton for his invasion of Sicily, the ‘Fighting First’ slugged it out with Axis units across Sicily and the Italy. Transferred to England in Fall 1943 to retrain for D-Day, the 1st was tasked with securing Omaha Beach.
    	ZF-12 Targeting Optics
    	5th Battalion Ranger Demolition Team
    	5th Ranger Demo Team
    	2 Command Points
    	Can only field (2) 5th Ranger Demolition Teams at a time.
    	Fire M9 Bazooka
    	M9 Bazooka Shipment
    	Armaments: (M1 Carbines, M1A1 Thompson), *M1A1 Thompsons x2, *M2 Flamethrower, *M18 Recoilless WP, *M9 Bazooka, Skill: Ace, Role: Infiltration. 
    	5th Ranger units can construct Hidden Encampments.
    	Infiltrate 5th Rangers Demolition Team
    	5th Ranger Demolition Team can be deployed to the battlefield. These men can spread disarray behind enemy lines.
    	New unit - 5th Ranger Demolition Team - available for deployment. This unit can be deployed from ambient buildings. Click and select location in line of sight to deploy.
    	Infiltration/Engineer infantry, (Traits: + Fast Ability Recharge, + Passive Healing, + Camouflage, + Ignores Movement Penalties): Three-man infiltration team equipped with explosives to sabotage key objectives.
    	Climb to Glory!
    	Of Their Own Accord
    	Highly-trained infantry units break through enemy lines with utmost tenacity & fighting spirit.
    	Fired Up!
    	Violence of Action!
    	Formed 
    	Taking inspiration from the British Commandos, Rangers were sent on combat missions regular troops could not handle. From nearly impossible assault operations, to top-secret sabotage missions; they accomplished it all.
    	Unlocks Booby Trap Point. Replaces the Demolition Kit Ability.
    	Unlocks Booby Trap Building Ability. Replaces the Demolition Kit.
    	Grit
    	Rangers receive 50% faster ability recharge times.
    	Bren Mk. I Marksman LMG
    	Abandoned Bren Mk. I; pick up with infantry.
    	M1918 BAR (Slow-Fire)
    	M1918 A2 BAR (Slow-Fire)
    	M1918 A2 BAR (Slow-Fire)
    	Type: Automatic Rifle, Rate of Fire: 350 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.62x63mm, Capacity: 20 Rounds. Effective at long range vs. infantry. 
    	Rifle, Cal .30, Automatic, M1918A2 (Slow-Fire)
    	Type: Automatic Rifle, Rate of Fire: 350 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.62x63mm, Capacity: 20 Rounds. Effective at medium range vs. infantry. 
    	The Browning Automatic Rifle came with a unique fire selector that allowed it to fire full automatic at a slower rate-of-fire, to improve accuracy.
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ Suppressive, + High Damage, + High Accuracy, - Low ROF).
    	Type: Automatic Rifle, Rate of Fire: 350 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.62x63mm, Capacity: 20 Rounds. Effective at long range vs. infantry. 
    	The Browning Automatic Rifle came with a unique fire selector that allowed it to fire full automatic at a slower rate-of-fire, to improve accuracy.
    	The Browning Automatic Rifle came with a unique fire selector that allowed it to fire full automatic at a slower rate-of-fire, to improve accuracy.
    	The Pathfinders were formed after the disastrous combat jumps in Sicily, which left paratroopers scattered miles apart from each other. These highly-trained units are dropped in advance to mark enemy locations & safe drop zones.
    	Skirmish Tactics
    	Battle-hardened troops are ready to assault the enemy with utmost fervor, improving combat effectiveness, while more susceptible to being hit.
    	Triage
    	Czech Hedgehog Tank Traps
    	Czech Hedgehog Tank Traps
    	Czech Hedgehog Tank Traps
    	Czech Hedgehog Tank Traps
    	Czech Hedgehog Tank Traps
    	Czech Hedgehog Tank Traps
    	Czech Hedgehog Tank Traps
    	Allows SS-Grenadieres, and SS-Sturmgrenadieres to deploy Barbed Wire Fields, S-Mine Fields, Schu-Mine 42, and Riegel-43 Mines.
    	Allows Prizyvniki, Frontoviki, and Shtrafniki to deploy Tank Traps, PMD-6 Mine Fields, POMZ Flare Mines, and TM-35 Mines.
    	Instruct our infantry to fortify their positions; to withstand the fascist counterattack.
    	246th Volksgrenadiere Division Major Retinue
    	246th Volksgrenadiere Major
    	Battle Phase 3
    	Blitzkrieg Tactics
    	Light Vehicles can now capture territory, and gain increased +15 sight radius. Does not include Trucks.
    	Aufklärer
    	Our light vehicle crews have been authorized to push forward and take enemy positions!
    	2 Command Points
    	Sonderkraftfahrzeug 261 Radio Car
    	90. Grenadier-Division Sd. Kfz. 261
    	90. Gren Sd. Kfz. 261
    	Armaments: *Pintle MG42, Armor: 14.5mm, Role: Tactical Support, Speed: 80 km/h. Effective at medium range vs. infantry & aircraft.
    	Blitzkrieg! (Sdkfz. 261)
    	Can only field (1) ‘Kleiner Panzerfunkwagen’ at a time.
    	Command vehicle, (Sector Aura: +15% Accuracy, +10% Rate-of-Fire): Armoured command car that can capture points, and provide fire-support
    	The 'Kleiner Panzerfunkwagen' can broadcast long-range commands to nearby vehicles, improving their overall effectiveness. Gains veterancy from nearby allies. 
    	Despite the prominent role of snipers in World War I, the British, as with many other nations soon forgot their importance. When they were reinstated, it was done so haphazardly, with very little standardization.
    	The 1st Commandos made use of Sniper Teams in situations which require long-ranged precision to accomplish the mission. The sniper's accuracy would be further enhanced by his spotter, who would help calulcate the bullet's trajectory.
    	Click and target position. 
    	Click and target position. Resources are delivered over a period of time. Delivers up to 150 munitions or 50 fuel over 5 drops.
    	Deploy 91st Luftlande Ersatztruppen Squads x2, 91st Luftlande Grenadiere Squads x2, IG18 x1, StuH 42 x1. Click and select location to deploy.
    	Click and target position. 
    	Click and target position. Resources are delivered over a period of time. Delivers up to 150 munitions or 50 fuel over 5 drops.
    	Click and target position. Resources are delivered over a period of time. Delivers up to 150 munitions or 50 fuel over 5 drops.
    	Click and target position. Resources are delivered over a period of time. Delivers up to 150 munitions or 50 fuel over 5 drops.
    	Light Vehicles
    	Unlocks the Land Mattress, AEC Mk. III, and the Cromwell Mk. VI.
    	Crewed Weapons
    	Additional Units
    	Unlocks the AEC Mk. III Armoured Car
    	Unlocks the 1st Commando Support Units within the Glider/Safehouse.
    	Support Units
    	Force Recon
    	Light Vehicles can now capture territory, and gain increased +15 sight radius. Does not include Trucks.
    	Light Vehicles can now neutralize enemy territory, and are invisible on the minimap when not in combat. Does not include Trucks.
    	Our light vehicle crews have been authorized to push forward and take enemy positions!
    	Our forward scouting teams can advance into enemy territory, paving the way for our infantry forces!
    	Preventive Maintenance
    	The vehicle crews have been trained in additional repair techniques, allowing them to slowly repair their vehicles over time. 
    	Preventive Maintenance
    	Light Vehicles can now capture territory, and gain increased +15 sight radius. Does not include Trucks.
    	Light Vehicles can now passively repair over time, and gain +15 increased sight radius. Does not include the CCKW Trucks.
    	<locstring name="screen_name" value="11097431" />
    	Flammpanzer 38
    	2 Command Points
    	Anti-Tank Rocket, a single-use 149mm rocket that deals an exceptional amount of damage against tanks from a moderate distance.
    	Anti-Tank Rocket, a formidable rocket launcher that deals an exceptional amount of damage against tanks from a moderate distance.
    	Infantry receive 33% faster experience gain, & 33% point capture rate within the sector.
    	<locstring name="screen_name" value="6325" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Maschinengewehr 34 (Light Machine Gun)
    	MG34 Light Machine Gun (Belt)
    	Type: Machine Gun, Rate of Fire: 900 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.92x57mm, Capacity: 100 Rounds. Effective at medium range vs. infantry.
    	Type: Machine Gun, Rate of Fire: 1200 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.92x57mm, Capacity: 100 Rounds. Effective at medium range vs. infantry. 
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ High ROF, + High Accuracy, + Fast Suppression, - Short Bursts).
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ High ROF, + High Capacity, + High Suppression, + Long Bursts).
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ High ROF, + High Accuracy, + High Capacity, - Short Bursts).
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ High ROF, + High Accuracy, + High Capacity, - Short Bursts).
    	Type: Machine Gun, Rate of Fire: 900 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.92x57mm, Capacity: 100 Rounds. Effective at medium range vs. infantry.
    	Type: Machine Gun, Rate of Fire: 1200 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.92x57mm, Capacity: 100 Rounds. Effective at medium range vs. infantry. 
    	The Maschinengewehr 34 utilizing a 100-round ammunition belt, increasing the amount of firepower unleashed before reloading.
    	The Maschinengewehr 34 utilizing a 100-round ammunition belt, increasing the amount of firepower unleashed before reloading.
    	The Maschinengewehr 34 utilizing a 100-round ammunition belt, increasing the amount of firepower unleashed before reloading.
    	Fed with a massive ammunition belt, the MG42 is able to unleash an even deadlier volley of suppressive fire.
    	Fed with a massive ammunition belt, the MG42 is able to unleash an even deadlier volley of suppressive fire.
    	Fed with a massive ammunition belt, the MG42 is able to unleash an even deadlier volley of suppressive fire.
    	Leichtes Maschinengewehr 34 (100rd.)
    	Leichtes Maschinengewehr 42 (100rd.)
    	Panzer Ace
    	The crew's exemplary service to the Fatherland have granted them the coveted title of 'Panzer Ace.'
    	Veterancy 3
    	Orders artillery batteries to target vehicles in the indicated area with solid armor-piercing shells.
    	(PASSIVE) Geballte Ladung 
    	Troops are taught how to utilize powerful explosive charges.
    	Volksgrenadiers receive the Geballte Ladung Grenades (Upgrade), Grenadieres receive Panzerwurfmines (Upgrade), Pioneres receive the HHL-3 (Upgrade).
    	SS-Sturmgrenadieres receive StG44 Zf. 4 assault rifles (Upgrade).
    	SS-Sturmpioneres receive the Panzerbüchse 39 (Upgrade), SS-Sturmgrenadieres receive the MG34 (100rd.) (Upgrade), SS-Stoßtruppen receive the MG34 .
    	(PASSIVE) Einheitsmaschinengewehr 
    	The formidable MG34 is issued to our troops to further improve their defensive firepower.
    	Removes the need to upgrade 3cm Gewehrsprenggate individually for each SS-Sturmgrenadiere squad.
    	Equips all current and later troops with the rifle grenade upgrades.
    	3cm Gewehrsprenggate Requisition
    	Required for StuG III Assault Gun, Panzer IV Medium Tank.
    	Fahzeughalle: Assault Guns
    	Turretless medium tanks with a low silhouette that perform specialized battlefield roles.
    	Veterancy 1
    	Battle Phase 3
    	Focusing on a frontal assault, the Panzer has faster turret rotation and a longer sight range, but the turret is locked to 90°.
    	Cease Action
    	Timed. Duration 45s. Turret rotation locked to forward 90°, turret can track more quickly and sight range is increased.
    	Focusing on a frontal assault, the Panzer has faster turret rotation and a longer sight range, but the turret is locked to 90°.
    	The Panzer crew returns to their normal combat function.
    	Hold the line! Our troops have been issued blood plasma expanders to better treat their injured comrades.
    	Periston
    	Pioneres, Offiziers, Volksgrenadieres, & Grenadieres now automatically heal themselves in friendly territory.
    	Squad will slowly heal their wounds in friendly territory
    	Advanced First Aid
    	Loads and fires two armor-piercing rounds at the target's treads or wheels, slowing or immobilizing the vehicle.
    	Contrary to popular belief, the StG44 was simpler and faster to manufacture than the standard K98, however, it consumed significantly more ammunition.
    	Szent László Gyalogsági divízió Assault Team
    	Szent László Division Assault Kampfgruppe
    	Three-man assault team armed with a flamethrower.
    	Created in October 1944, the Szent László Division was named after one of Hungary’s ancient kings and patron saints. Formed from army and airforce veterans, it was first used as emergency troops to plug gaps in the crumbling frontline.
    	Airborne Specialization
    	Ranger Specialization
    	Troops receive 5% faster rate-of-fire, & 5% reduced hit chance. Squad will move faster when out of combat.
    	The Officer gains further experience leading paratroopers, increasing his own combat effectiveness.
    	Taking a note out of the Rangers' handbook, the Officer is more capable to "lead the way."
    	(PASSIVE) 2nd-SS Panzer 'Das Reich'
    	Additional explosives are available to flatten enemy resistance.
    	Infantry receives 40% reduced incoming suppression, while being 5% easier to hit.
    	Determined to continue their relentless assault, these troops have learned to avoid suppression.
    	Das Reich
    	Infantry receives 40% reduced incoming suppression, while being 5% easier to hit.
    	9th-SS Hohenstaufen
    	(PASSIVE) 2nd-SS Panzer 'Das Reich'
    	(PASSIVE) SS-Panzer-Brigade 150
    	SS-Sturmgrenadieres, Sturmpionieres & Stoßtruppen receive +15 increased sight radius, while being 25% slower to reinforce.
    	Formed from an unusual mix of soldiers from all branches, these men relied on deception and subterfuge to accomplish their objectives.
    	SS-Panzer-Brigade 150
    	Infantry receive +15 increased sight radius, while being 25% slower to reinforce.
    	Götz von Berlichingen
    	Infantry receives 50% reduced recharge time for their equipment.
    	(PASSIVE) 17th-SS Panzergrenadier 'Götz von Berlichingen'
    	Infantry receives 50% reduced recharge times for their equipment.
    	Though heavily understaffed, the LMAA was extremely well-armed with infantry small arms and equipment.
    	Medium tank, (Traits: + Accurate, +/- Turretless, + Cheaper, - Less Upgrades): An earlier variant of the StuG III, can switch between both armor-piercing & explosive rounds.
    	MG42 Light Machine Gun (Drum)
    	Leichtes Maschinengewehr 34
    	Under a symphony of guns, the 1st shattered enemy forces at Lublin, Brest and Danzig in mid and late 1944. Reaching Berlin in April 1945, the division unleashed its power upon the city, decimating all that stood in its path to victory.
    	With disregard for their own lives, the 1st BAD fought like vicious rabid dogs. As the 2nd Belorussian Front advanced into Prussia, and Pomerania in 1944, men of the 1st charged enemy positions under friendly & enemy fire.
    	Serving at Kursk, the 1st inflicted massive damage with over three hundred field guns. There, the division also earned an infamous reputation for charging headlong at enemy positions with little more than their rifles and the will to win.
    	In need of concentrating mass artillery into divisional elements, the Soviet High Command created the Breakthrough Artillery Divisions. Formed in Fall of 1942, the 1st BAD received massive quantities of of pre-war artillery. 
    	Crushing the German LIII Corps at Vitebsk, the 67th created a gap between Army Groups Center and Nord. Bypassing German defenses, the division moved to encircle over 300,000 Axis troops at the Courland Pocket in northwest Latvia.
    	During Bagration the 67th advanced 50km within two days and trapped five German divisions at the Vitebsk Salient. For its actions it was awarded the title “Vitebsk” and the Order of the Red Banner as part of its divisional name.
    	The 67th used a variety of tools ranging from grenades, tank traps, mines and even tank-hunting dogs to hamper enemy advances. After the Kursk the division was transferred to the Baltic region to lead the assault for Operation Bagration.
    	Formed alongside several other Guards Rifle Divisions after Stalingrad, the 67th proved itself worthy of the title at Kursk. Facing off against the Großdeutschland Division and the first Panther tanks, the 67th valiantly held Cherkasskoe.
    	For its actions during 1944, the 69th earned the highest military award, the Order of the Red Banner, twice. Continuing the fight into Germany and Berlin, twenty-one of its soldiers were hailed Heroes of the Soviet Union.
    	Reformed in March 1944 for the Soviet offensives, the new 69th fought with a bloody rage. Disregarding casualties during offensives in the Summer and Fall of 1944, it reduced itself to a strength of just two battalions by November.
    	After marching two hundred kilometers to the front, the 107th engaged in the brutal defense of Smolensk. During the battle, the division was completely demolished but reformed a second time into the 107th Motorised Division in Fall 1941.
    	Formed in 1936 in the Far East, the 69th Rifle Division was converted to a motorised division in 1941. Transferred West to combat Barbarossa, the division was redesignated the 107th Tank Division five days before fighting at Smolensk.
    	The 112th received its title in 1943 due to the contributions of the Mongolian People’s Republic. Providing not only tanks and manpower but also several thousand tons of food and clothing, this strengthened the bond between the two nations.
    	For its role in the Battle of Moscow and subsequent actions, the 112th was awarded the Order of the Red Banner, the highest military award in Soviet Russia. Later, the division fought at Pomerania and eventually into Berlin.
    	In November 1941, the 112th began offensive actions in an attempt to reroute German forces away from Moscow. With direct orders from Joseph Stalin the division launched a critical flanking attack on the German 4th Army.
    	Formed in August 1941 as the 112th Tank Division, the unit was formed from veterans fighting in the Far East. By October the division was transferred West, tasked with the challenge of preventing the German capture of Tula.
    	The 150th bears the distinct honor of capturing the Reichstag and hoisting the Soviet Victory Banner over the desolate Berlin. This symbolized the end of the Great Patriotic War through the courage and sacrifice of the Soviet people.
    	After the Second Battle of Kharkov the 150th was wiped out at Izyum in May 1942, losing over 200,000 men. Recreated at Turga in August, the division was pushed back to Stalingrad with orders to defend the city at whatever cost.
    	Obliterated a second time at Stalingrad, the 150th helped destroy the German 6th Army before being destroyed a third time. Reformed in September 1943, the division paved its way from Nevel, Pskov Oblast to Berlin with vengeance.
    	After the Second Battle of Kharkov the 150th was wiped out at Izyum in May 1942, losing over 200,000 men. Recreated at Turga in August, the division was pushed back to Stalingrad with orders to defend the city at whatever cost.
    	Formed in September 1939 at Vyazma, the 150th Rifle Division took part in the Soviet invasion of Poland under the 3rd Army. Serving as garrison troops until June 1941, the division faced the opening salvos of Operation Barbarossa.
    	Annihilated again at Volkhov in June 1942, the 46th was recreated from the 1st NKVD Rifle Division. Under the 2nd Shock Army the division fought its way into Germany before serving as occupation troops after the war ended.
    	Reformed at Ufa in August 1941, the 46th forged a reputation for sacrifice. Serving the Motherland faithfully, the division was constantly sent to the frontline as Soviet High Command attempted to stall German advances.  
    	After Operation Barbarossa began in June 1941, the 46th was hurriedly transferred West. Fighting against experienced German troops with fresh recruits and a depleted staff, the division was completely destroyed at Yelnaya in July.
    	Formed in 1921, the 46th Rifle Division garrisoned Kiev throughout the Russian Civil War. Reassigned to Irkutsk in 1939 as border protection troops, the 46th was transferred to a peacetime staff of six thousand men in April 1940. 
    	Airdropped M1903A4 Sniper Shipment
    	2 Command Points
    	Cannot be upgraded alongside the 2cm Autocannon upgrade.
    	9 Command Points
