    	Grenadieres of the 'Walloon Legion' were composed entirely of foreign volunteers, fascist Frenchmen, Belgians, and Spaniards. Motivated, and highly capable, they served courageously alongside their German counterparts.
    	Armaments: (K98s, G43-Zf4), *StG44s x2, *G43-Zf4, *MG34, *MG42, Skill: Elite, Role: Recon.
    	Scout infantry, versatile foreign soldiers fit to fight on the frontlines.
    	Grenadieres of the 'Walloon Legion' were composed entirely of foreign volunteers, fascist Frenchmen, Belgians, and Spaniards. Motivated, and highly capable, they served courageously alongside their German counterparts.
    	Grenadieres of the 'Walloon Legion' were composed entirely of foreign volunteers, fascist Frenchmen, Belgians, and Spaniards. Motivated, and highly capable, they served courageously alongside their German counterparts.
    	Comprised of Bosnian Muslims, Heinrich Himmler believed that the teachings of Islam resulted in fearless, and fanatical soldiers, thus leading to the formation of the 13th 'Handschar' Division. They are adept at anti-partisan duties.
    	Interrogate enemy casualties to briefly increase the squad's sight radius. 
    	Interrogation
    	The squad can interrogate dying enemies to increase their sight radius via right-clicking. Duration 30s. Recharge: 30s.
    	Volksgrenadiere
    	Replaces the Molotov Cocktail with a brutal six-man grenade assault.
    	Replaces the Model 24 Grenade with a brutal six-man grenade assault.
    	Replaces the Model 24 Grenade with a deadly five-man grenade assault.
    	Combat experience leads to 8% increased accuracy, 10% faster ability recharge times, 5% faster reloads, 4% increased weapon penetration, 3% faster rotation speed, 4% faster acceleration, +3 sight radius, +2 range, and 5% reduced hit chance.
    	Combat experience leads to 16% increased accuracy, 20% faster ability recharge times, 10% faster reloads, 8% increased weapon penetration, 6% faster rotation speed, 8% faster acceleration, +6 sight radius +4 range, and 10% reduced hit chance.
    	Combat experience leads to 24% increased accuracy, 30% faster ability recharge times, 15% faster reloads, 12% increased weapon penetration, 9% faster rotation speed, 12% faster acceleration, +9 sight radius. +6 range, and 15% reduced hit chance.
    	Combat experience leads to 32% increased accuracy, 40% faster ability recharge times, 20% faster reloads, 16% increased weapon penetration, 12% faster rotation speed, 16% faster acceleration, +12 sight radius, +8 range, and 20% reduced hit chance.
    	Combat experience reaches its peak at a total of 40% increased accuracy, 50% faster ability recharge times, 25% faster reloads, 20% increased weapon penetration, 15% faster rotation speed, 20% faster acceleration, +15 sight radius, +10 range, and 25% reduced hit chance.
    	Equips the 221/222 Scout Car with thicker armour, improving its durability.
    	Equips the 221/222 Scout Car with thicker armor, improving its durability. A more powerful engine is installed to manage the increased weight.
    	Radpanzer
    	Increases the durability of the unit. Upgrade leads to 50% increased armor.
    	Equips the Puma Armored Car with thicker armor, improving its durability.
    	Increases the durability of the unit. Upgrade leads to 50% increased armor.
    	Increases the durability of the unit. Upgrade leads to 50% increased armor.
    	Radpanzer
    	Radpanzer
    	Command structure. Durable building that can call-in Battlegroups, and provide frontline support.
    	Can be built in enemy territory, vulnerable to enemy attacks once discovered.
    	Command structure, allows for Commandos to regroup, reinforce, and infiltrate in more troops.
    	Command structure. Durable building that can call-in Battlegroups, and provide frontline support.
    	Commando Safehouse
    	Can only field 1 Commando Sniper Team at a time.
    	1st Commando Sniper Team
    	1st Commando Snipers
    	Armaments: (L1A1-No. 32), *Bren Mk. 1, *Boys AT, Training: Elite, Role: Sniper. Effective at long range vs. infantry & vehicles.
    	1st Commando Brigade Machine Gun Section
    	1st Commandos 
    	1st Commando Brigade Assault Team
    	1st Commando Brigade Overwatch Team
    	Can only field 1 Commando Overwatch Team at a time.
    	Can only field (1) 1st Commando Anti-Tank Team at a time.
    	1st Commando Brigade Sapper Team
    	1st Commando Sappers
    	Radio Triangulation Beacon
    	Radio Triangulation Beacon
    	The squad will plant a hidden Beacon at the target location. This Beacon is able to designate artillery strikes from artillery pieces on the battlefield.
    	Observation Post
    	Command structure. Fragile building that can provide reinforcements, call-in Commando troops, and a rally point. 
    	Infiltration
    	Trained infiltration troops can sneak past the enemy while not engaged in combat. Can be detected if too close to enemy units.
    	Timed. Duration 15. Disables squad's auto-attack.
    	Infiltration
    	Troops can sneak by enemies when out of combat.
    	4 Command Points
    	2 Command Points
    	3 Command Points
    	3 Command Points
    	Icons_symbols_unit_british_sniper_symbol
    	Can only field 1 Commando Lieutenant Retinue at a time.
    	Infiltration/Assault infantry, (Traits: + Camouflage, + Passive Healing, + Invisible on Minimap, + Airdropped Weapons): Extremely skilled assault commandos that can wipe out enemies at close range.
    	Armaments: (Lee-Enfields/M1911s, STEN Mk. IIS), *STEN Mk. IIS x2 (A), M1A1 Thompsons x2 (H), *No. 2 Flamethrower, *PIAT, *M9 Bazooka, Skill: Elite, Role: Engineer.
    	Infiltration/Engineer infantry, (Traits: + Engineer Traits, + Fast Camouflage, + Passive Healing, + Invisible on Minimap, + Airdropped Weapons): Can engage tanks directly, over cover, and infantry with blast radius. Limit of 1 Squad.
    	Infiltration vehicle, not targeted by default, best used to infiltrate troops behind enemy lines. Becomes a regular unit if re-crewed.
    	Armia Krajowa Command Squad
    	AK Command
    	Armia Krajowa Leśni Squad
    	AK Leśni
    	Armia Krajowa Partyzant Squad
    	Poland's unofficial standing army, the Leśni (Forest People) are men and women who have been forced to live in the forests to combat the German oppressors. Well-versed in ambush tactics, they frequently wore captured uniforms as disguises.
    	Young men and women of the Armia Krajowa fighting for Poland with whatever weapons they are able to scrounge or steal. Partyzants live double lives, going on with their daily routines until called to fight, or to spy on the enemy.
    	Infiltration/Light infantry, ideal for harassing enemy forces from a distance, then relocating.
    	Infiltration/Light infantry, ideal for harassing enemy forces from a distance, then relocating.
    	Infiltration infantry, ideal for harassing enemy forces from a distance, then relocating.
    	Infiltration infantry, not targeted by default, perfect for ambushing unsuspecting enemies, and laying traps.
    	The Leśni (Forest People) are men and women who have been forced to live in the forests to combat the German oppressors. Well-versed in ambush tactics, and conventional warfare, the Leśni are Poland's unofficial standing army.
    	Armia Krajowa Saboteur Squad
    	AK Saboteurs
    	Infiltration infantry, paramilitary forces that can ambush and kill unsuspecting infantry, but lacks anti-tank grenades.
    	Infiltration/Officer, highly-skilled three-man team that can spearhead Partisan raids, or set up a base of operations.
    	The Armia Krajowa's leadership are drawn from a variety of backgrounds, from civilians leading double lives, to army officers living in exile. They are the force behind the raids, sabotage, and other daring actions against the enemy.
    	Left-click and target position. Only three beacons can be placed. Reveals nearby enemy units. Allows infiltration of AK Partyzant troops.
    	The beacon reveals enemy units around itself on the minimap. The beacon will allow AK Partyzants to infiltrate, and reinforce troops within its radius.
    	Can only field 1 Partisan Command Squad at a time.
    	Can only have 2 Radio Beacons deployed at once.
    	Airborne/Infiltration infantry, has substantial access to foreign weapons and build options, performs well at longer ranges.
    	2e Régiment de Chasseurs Parachutistes Squad
    	1st Free French Fusiliers
    	2nd Parachutist Assault Squad
    	Armaments: (MAS-36, STEN), *M1918 BAR, *Bren, *MP40s x2, *Panzerschreck, Training: Regular, Role: General Purpose. Effective at long range vs. infantry.
    	Free France's beloved 1st Free French Division is composed of devoted Frenchmen and enthusiastic colonials. Highly distinguished in combat - they are amongst France's proudest units. The MAS-36 is a slow-firing, yet accurate bolt-action rifle.
    	France's elite paratroopers serving alongside Britain are considered the 4th SAS. These brave paratroopers are responsible for covert operations within German-held territory, from intelligence gathering, to conducting high-risk raids.
    	Armaments: (MAS-36/Lebels, Mk. VI), *M1 Carbines x2, *MP40s x2, *FM 24/29, Skill: Elite, Role: Assault. Effective at long range vs. infantry.
    	2nd Parachute Chasseur Regiment Battlegroup
    	France's elite airborne infantry can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup is well-equipped to keep the lines from breaking.
    	France's elite airborne infantry can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup is excellent at infiltrating enemy lines.
    	Deploy 2e Régiment de Chasseurs Parachutistes Squads x2. Click and select location to deploy.
    	4 Command Points
    	5 Command Points
    	Infiltrate 2nd Parachute Chasseur Regiment Battlegroup
    	Paradrop 2nd Parachute Chasseur Regiment Battlegroup
    	Can only field 2 Kübelwagens at a time.
    	Allows troops to blend in with light cover when using the Cautious Movement ability.
    	Allows troops to blend in with light cover when using the Cautious Movement ability.
    	Allows troops to blend in with light cover when using the Cautious Movement ability.
    	Allows troops to blend in with light cover when using the Cautious Movement ability.
    	Enables troops to passively camouflage when in cover. Adds the Hold Fire ability. Replaces the Ambush! Ability.
    	Allows troops to blend in with light cover when using the Cautious Movement ability.
    	Formed in 1936, the 25th ‘Stuttgarter Haus’ fought as an infantry and a motorised division. Reorganized as Panzergrenadiere in mid-1943, it fought under the Waffen-SS at the Ardennes before its decimation in the Battle of Berlin.
    	Can only field 2 AK Saboteur squads at a time.
    	Can only field 2 Captured Opel Blitz Trucks at a time.
    	AI Script - US Doctrines
    	AI Script - British Doctrines
    	AI Script - Waffen-SS Doctrines
    	AI Script - Soviet
    	Rocket launcher, (Traits: + High Damage, + Long Barrage, + Thick Armor, - Slow Reload, - Higher Hit Chance): An armored Sherman tank fitted with a rack of high-explosive rockets; the main gun is disabled. Limit of 2.
    	2e Régiment de Chasseurs Paratroopers
    	2nd Parachutist Chasseurs Squad
    	Observation Post
    	Triage Station
    	Grants a large healing aura when out of combat. Medics are dispatched to the bunker to treat casualties during combat and casualties further out.
    	Grants a large healing aura when out of combat. Medics are dispatched to the bunker to treat casualties during combat and casualties further out.
    	Generates Manpower income and secures the sector when placed on a territory point.
    	Generates an additional 5 Manpower per minute. Build on flag in captured territory. Increased durability & sight compared to standard resource Caches.
    	Generates Manpower income and secures the sector when placed on a territory point. Increased durability & sight compared to standard resource Caches.
    	Thorough Salvage
    	This squad can salvage abandoned vehicle wrecks/team weapons by right-clicking, for munitions and fuel.
    	The Officer calls in nearby Nebelwerfer batteries for a rapid barrage on the target location
    	Generates 5% Manpower per minute. Provides garrisoned infantry with increased sight, and weapon range.
    	Load O-240 High-Explosive Round
    	Load Sprgr. 34 High-Explosive Round
    	Waffen-SS forces are further indoctrinated into their devotion for the Third Reich, increasing their ferocity.
    	Troops can use abilities 66% more frequently, Infantry fire 15% faster, and gain the Für das Vaterland! ability. Does not include Mortars, or Artillery.
    	Bronze Star
    	Uncommon Valour
    	Infantry squads receive 10% increased weapon accuracy, and 5% reduced hit chance for every fallen squad member.
    	The camaraderie within the unit is further strengthened in combat; the men are willing to live and die for each other.
    	Uncommon Valour
    	Infantry squads receive 10% increased weapon accuracy, and 5% reduced hit chance for every fallen squad member.
    	Order the AVRE to launch a massive explosive charge from its 290mm spigot mortar at the targeted location. Capture points are neutralized if hit.
    	Order the AVRE to launch a massive explosive charge from its 290mm spigot mortar at the targeted location. The high explosive yield will create a firestorm when it explodes. Capture points are neutralized if hit.
    	The Sturmtiger fires a massive rocket assisted 38cm shell at the targeted location. Capture points are neutralized if hit.
    	Precision strike, crew fires a single shell with high accuracy, perfect against stationary targets. Capture points are neutralized if hit.
    	Command releases 28th SS-Grenadiere squads to replace combat losses suffered while the ability is active.
    	Ambush Training
    	Light vehicle crews are instructed on how to use foliage and proper positioning to conceal their vehicles.
    	Unlocks the "Camouflage" ability for most light vehicles.
    	Click to activate. Duration 180s. Replaces up to 3 squads. New squads requisitioned upon losing 3 soldiers.
    	Click to activate. Duration 120s. Replaces up to 3 squads. New squads requisitioned upon losing 3 soldiers.
    	Sd. Kfz. 251/17
    	Sd. Kfz. 251/17
    	Sd. Kfz. 251/17
    	Sd. Kfz. 251/17
    	8 Command Points
    	Can only field (1) Snayper Zveno at a time.
    	Ability canceled. Repair the Command Post to crew the Howitzer.
    	Ability canceled. Repair the Command Post to crew the Howitzer.
    	Ability canceled. Repair the Command Post to crew the Howitzer.
    	Ability canceled. Repair the Command Post to crew the Howitzer.
    	Ability canceled. Repair the Command Post to crew the Howitzer.
    	Ability canceled. Repair the Command Post to crew the Howitzer.
    	Ability canceled. Repair the Command Post to crew the Howitzer.
    	Ability canceled. Repair the Command Post to crew the Howitzer.
    	Ability canceled. Repair the Command Post to crew the Howitzer.
    	The fortified machinegun nest for the Vickers K protects the base from enemy infantry and light vehicles.
    	Machine Gun Emplacements are excellent defensive positions, suited for locking down large, open areas. The DshK 38 is a powerful weapon able to tear through both armored vehicles and infantry.
    	Machine Gun Emplacements are hastily dug-in defensive positions, suited for locking down large, open areas. While vulnerable, the DshK 38 is a powerful weapon able to tear through both armored vehicles and infantry.
    	Infiltrate 3rd Shock Army Strelki Squad
    	New unit - Pathfinders - available for deployment. This unit can be deployed from ambient buildings. Click and select location to deploy.
    	New unit - 3-ya ua. Stuhrmovoki - available for deployment. This unit can be deployed from buildings within FRIENDLY TERRITORY. Click and select location in line of sight to deploy.
    	Forward Deploy 3-ya ua. Stuhrmovoki
    	A squad of 101st Pathfinders can be deployed to the battlefield. Pathfinders are scout infantry that can make it safer to drop in the bulk of the paratroop forces.
    	A squad of 3rd Shock Troops can be deployed to the battlefield. Pathfinders are scout infantry that can make it safer to drop in the bulk of the paratroop forces.
    	The 3-ya ua. Stuhrmovoki can be deployed to the battlefield. Shock Troops are armoured infantry units that excel at urban warfare.
    	4 Command Points
    	Nicknamed the 'Green Devils' by the Allies for their tenacious fighting spirit, these men are very disciplined and well-armed, a deadly combination on the battlefield.
    	The only SS Fallschirmjäger unit of the war, the 600th was formed entirely out of elite troops and volunteers. Spearheading Unternehmen Panzerfaust in October 1944, the unit prevented Hungary from ending hostilities with the Soviet Union.
    	Assault infantry, (Traits: + Interrogation, + Entrench Tanks, + Mechanized Assault Passive): Ruthless assault troops that inflict & take additional damage.
    	Assault/Engineer infantry, (Traits: + Extra Armor, + Repair Tools, + Faster Build Times, + Wire Cutters): Armored breakthrough troops that can pave the way for advancing infantry forces. 
    	Veterancy 2
    	Veterancy 1
    	Sd. Kfz. 251
    	Sd. Kfz. 251 Halftrack
    	Unlocks the "Camouflage" ability. Locks out any smoke discharger upgrade or ability.
    	Sd. Kfz. 251/17
    	Sd. Kfz. 251/17 AA Halftrack
    	Sd. Kfz. 221/222 Scout Car
    	2 Command Points
    	Infiltrate 5th Rangers Recon Team
    	5th Battalion Recon Rangers can be deployed to the battlefield. These men can spread disarray behind enemy lines.
    	New unit - 5th Battalion Recon Rangers - available for deployment. This unit can be deployed from ambient buildings. Click and select location in line of sight to deploy.
    	5th Battalion Recon Rangers can be deployed to the battlefield. These men can spread disarray behind enemy lines.
    	Veterancy 2
    	Replaces the Brandflasche grenade with a Panzerfäust rocket launcher.
    	Unlocks the Leutnant Retinue, an officer unit that specializes in strategic-level support.
    	Unlocks the Leutnant Retinue, an officer unit that leads troops from the front.
    	MG42 HMG
    	Veterancy 3
    	Reduces the Veterancy requirement 
    	Volksgrenadieres require less veterancy to requisition Panzershcrecks.
    	Conscripts require less veterancy to requisition Panzershcrecks.
    	The mass production PPSh-41s allows greater access to close quarters firepower.
    	Mosin–Nagant M44 (x2)
    	The shortened M44 Carbine variant of the Mosin-Nagant is stop-gap between a standard rifle, and a compact submachine gun.
    	Type: Rifle, Rate of Fire: Bolt-Action, Cartridge: 7.62x54mm, Capacity: 5 Rounds. Effective at medium range vs. infantry. 
    	Simonov PTRD
    	Type: Anti-Material Rifle, Rate of Fire: Single-Action, Cartridge: 14.5x114mm, Capacity: 1 Round. Effective at medium range vs. vehicles.
    	PTRD Anti-Tank Rifle
    	Abandoned PTRD Anti-Tank Rifle; pick up with infantry.
    	PTRD Anti-Tank Rifle
    	Simonov's single-shot PTRD anti-tank rifle proved far more reliable than the PTRS-41, while still being just as effective against light armored targets.
    	Annihilate the Allied forces through sheer force of will! Take back lands through the strength of our people, and advanced technology.
    	Left-click and left-click target area. Fires 3 Rounds. Delay 15s. Cannot be targeted in Command Sector.
    	203mm Howitzer Barrage
    	A single super-heavy artillery round is fired at the selected target. Artillery barrages from the B-4 pack twice the explosive power and shell weight of the 152mm ML-20.
    	Barrage Weapon. Left-click ability, left-click target area. Fires 1 Round.
    	Barrage Weapon. Left-click ability, left-click target area. Fires 4 Rounds. Requires line of sight.
    	Fires a prolonged hail of super-heavy artillery rounds at the target location. Capture points are neutralized if hit.
    	203mm Howitzer Precision Barrage
    	203mm Direct-Fire Shot
    	203mm Creeping Barrage
    	Left-click ability, position area and left-click. Fires 4 Rounds. Requires line of sight.
    	The B-4 Howitzer crew fires in a slowly-advancing line, obliterating enemy forces caught in its path, and allowing friendly troops to advance.
    	Super-heavy field artillery like the B-4 can fire massive 100kg shells that have a very large lethal radius and can penetrate even hardened targets. 
    	3. SS-Panzer-Division ‘Totenkopf’ Tiger Ace
    	3rd-SS PzKpfw. VI Tiger Ace
    	High Command sends in a legendary Tiger Ace from the infamous 'Death's Head' Division. This heavy tank boasts superior performance and abilities differing from the regular SS-Tiger. 
    	Plants a powerful explosive charge capable of destroying structures, killing enemies, and punching holes in ice. Guaranteed to destroy bridges.
    	Plants a powerful explosive charge capable of destroying structures, killing enemies, and punching holes in ice. Guaranteed to destroy bridges.
    	Plants a powerful explosive charge capable of destroying structures, killing enemies, and punching holes in ice. Guaranteed to destroy bridges.
    	Plants a powerful explosive charge capable of destroying structures, killing enemies, and punching holes in ice. Guaranteed to destroy bridges.
    	Armaments: (K98s, MP40), *MG42, *G43s x2, *StG44s x2, *RPzB-54/1, Skill: Experienced, Role: General Purpose.
    	1. SS-Panzer-Division Panzergrenadiere
    	1. SS-Panzer-Division Panzergrenadiere
    	Waffen-SS Sturmgrenadieres (Assault Grenadiers) are the Nazis' zealous soldiers, ideologically motivated, and tactically capable. The standard Karabiner 98k is a finely-manufactured bolt-action rifle, posing a significant threat at long ranges.
    	Suffering significant losses during Barbarossa in 1942, the division was reorganized into 1st SS-Panzergrenadiere Division in July. Resent to the Ostfront in January 1943, the division recaptured Kharkov in March, and shielded retreating German units after Kursk in July.
    	General purpose infantry, extensive training, and fanatical devotion allows for a distinct edge against other infantry.
    	Panzer Tactics
    	General purpose infantry, heavily-armed, and fanatical devotion allows for a distinct edge against other infantry.
    	Panzergrenadiere infantry, (Traits: + Entrench Tanks, + Mechanized Assault Passive): Ideologically-motivated shock troops that receive temporary bonuses for killing units.
    	Two P-47 Thunderbolts will patrol the area and attack vehicles with a high velocity aircraft rocket strike.
    	Two Hawker Typhoons target the designated area with rockets and machine guns.
    	105mm Pinpoint Barrage
    	Orders 105mm artillery batteries to fire on a location, saturating the area with high explosive shells.
    	Call in an accurate barrage of 105mm high-explosive rounds on the target.
    	Left-click and left-click target area. Fires 5 Rounds. Delay 10s.
    	An M9 'Bazooka' with improved M6A3 rockets for increased penetration against heavier German armor.
    	M18 Recoilless Rifle (WP)
    	M18 Recoilless Rifle (WP)
    	Recoilless Rifle, M18 (WP)
    	The M18 Recoilless Rifle loaded with T23 white phosphorus rounds makes for a potent bunker-busting & area denial weapon.
    	(PASSIVE) Best of the Best
    	Conscripts require less veterancy to requisition PPSh-41s.
    	Similar to the famed ‘Cromwell’, the ‘Comet’ was the last of the intrepid Cruiser tanks. Delivered to the frontline in late 1944, its thicker armor and potent 77 mm Mk II L/49 main gun allowed it to challenge even the mightiest of Jerry’s tanks.
    	Similar to the famed ‘Cromwell’, the ‘Comet’ was the last of the intrepid Cruiser tanks. Delivered to the frontline in late 1944, its thicker armor and potent 77 mm Mk II L/49 main gun allowed it to challenge even the mightiest of Jerry’s tanks.
    	Similar to the famed ‘Cromwell’, the ‘Comet’ was the last of the intrepid Cruiser tanks. Delivered to the frontline in late 1944, its thicker armor and potent 77 mm Mk II L/49 main gun allowed it to challenge even the mightiest of Jerry’s tanks.
    	Similar to the famed ‘Cromwell’, the ‘Comet’ was the last of the intrepid Cruiser tanks. Delivered to the frontline in late 1944, its thicker armor and potent 77 mm Mk II L/49 main gun allowed it to challenge even the mightiest of Jerry’s tanks.
    	Similar to the famed ‘Cromwell’, the ‘Comet’ was the last of the intrepid Cruiser tanks. Delivered to the frontline in late 1944, its thicker armor and potent 77 mm Mk II L/49 main gun allowed it to challenge even the mightiest of Jerry’s tanks.
    	The Comet Tank is a hard-hitting British cruiser effective against all targets, with a copious amount of armor plating to protect the crew. Armed with a powerful 77mm High Velocity gun, it can challenge most tanks on the battlefield.
    	Introduced in 1944, the Mk XI was the final variant of the proud ‘Valentine’ design. Combining a solid, low-profile hull, robust GMC engine and long-barreled ROQF 75 mm, it was arguably one of the strongest light tanks fielded by any army.
    	Introduced in 1944, the Mk XI was the final variant of the proud ‘Valentine’ design. Combining a solid, low-profile hull, robust GMC engine and long-barreled ROQF 75 mm, it was arguably one of the strongest light tanks fielded by any army.
    	Introduced in 1944, the Mk XI was the final variant of the proud ‘Valentine’ design. Combining a solid, low-profile hull, robust GMC engine and long-barreled ROQF 75 mm, it was arguably one of the strongest light tanks fielded by any army.
    	Introduced in 1944, the Mk XI was the final variant of the proud ‘Valentine’ design. Combining a solid, low-profile hull, robust GMC engine and long-barreled ROQF 75 mm, it was arguably one of the strongest light tanks fielded by any army.
    	The Valentine Mk. XI Tank is a light infantry tank, improved over earlier variants with more powerful engine. Thick armor and a long barrel 75mm main gun makes it arguably one of the most powerful light tank fielded by any army.
    	Introduced in 1944, the Mk XI was the final variant of the proud ‘Valentine’ design. Combining a solid, low-profile hull, robust GMC engine and long-barreled ROQF 75 mm, it was arguably one of the strongest light tanks fielded by any army.
    	A nearby vehicle is distributing supplies, allowing other damaged vehicles to repair themselves.
    	Vehicle crews undergo extensive weapons training, increasing familiarity, and accuracy with their vehicle's weapons.
    	Increases weapon accuracy, and reload time of the unit. Upgrade leads to 20% increased weapon accuracy & 25% faster reload times.
    	Expert Gunnery
    	Already upgraded with Panzer Officer, or Panzer Commander.
    	Vehicle crews undergo extensive weapons training, increasing familiarity, and accuracy with their vehicle's weapons.
    	Rapid Deployment
    	Veterancy 1
    	Increases weapon accuracy, and reload time of the unit. Upgrade leads to 33% reduced scatter on the vehicle's default attack ability.
    	Sturmgewehr 44 (Zf.4) (x2)
    	Bearing the title of 'Wunderwaffe,' the StG 44 is the world's first assault rifle, firing hard-hitting rifle rounds accurately across all ranges.
    	The StG 44 fitted with a Zf. 4 Telescopic Sight allows the soldier to better engage targets at long range, and in heavy cover.
    	Type: Assault Rifle, Rate of Fire: 600 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.92x33mm, Capacity: 30 Rounds, Quantity: 2, Effective at medium range vs. infantry. 
    	Type: Assault Rifle, Rate of Fire: Semi-Automatic, Cartridge: 7.92x33mm, Capacity: 30 Rounds, Quantity: 2, Effective at medium range vs. infantry. 
    	Type: Assault Rifle, Rate of Fire: 600 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.92x33mm, Capacity: 30 Rounds, Quantity: 2, Effective at long range vs. infantry. 
    	Fallschirmjägergewehr 42 (Zf.4) (x2)
    	Manufactured specifically for elite Fallschirmjäger troops, the FG42 combines high rate of fire, stopping power, and accuracy into a single weapon platform.
    	Manufactured specifically for elite Fallschirmjäger troops, the FG42 combines high rate of fire, stopping power, and accuracy into a single weapon platform.
    	Type: Automatic Rifle, Rate of Fire: Semi-Auto, Cartridge: 7.92x57mm, Capacity: 20 Rounds, Quantity: 2, Effective at medium range vs. infantry. 
    	Type: Automatic Rifle, Rate of Fire: 750 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.92x57mm, Capacity: 20 Rounds, Quantity: 2, Effective at long range vs. infantry. 
    	Manufactured specifically for elite Fallschirmjäger troops, the FG42 combines high rate of fire, stopping power, and accuracy into a single weapon platform.
    	Perhaps best known for use by German paratroopers, the FG42 also found service with the Gebirgsjägers. Fitted with an optic, the rifle can effectively engage targets in cover or at range.
    	Armaments: (M1 Garands, M3A1 Grease Gun) *M1903A4-Z73, *M3A1 Grease Guns x2, *M1918A2 BAR, *M9 Bazooka/M6A3, Skill: Experienced, Role: Assault.
    	Armaments: (M1903 Springfields, M1918A2 BAR), *M1903A4-M73, *M1918A2 BAR, *M1919A6 Browning, *M1 Garands x2, *M9 Bazooka, Skill: Experienced, Role: General Purpose.
    	General purpose infantry, heals passively, veteran troops who are well suited for flanking enemy forces. Limit of 2 Squads.
    	Line infantry, (Traits: + Passive Healing, + Camouflage + Random Veterancy): provides ranged firepower to support other infantry squads. Limit of 2 Squads.
    	Rifle, Cal .30, Automatic, M1918A2 (x2)
    	Type: Automatic Rifle, Rate of Fire: 650 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.62x63mm, Capacity: 20 Rounds, Quantity: 2. Effective at medium range vs. infantry. 
    	Type: Submachine Gun, Rate of Fire: 550 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 9x19mm, Capacity: 32 Rounds, Quantity: 4. Effective at close range vs. infantry.
    	STEN Mk. IIS Submachine Gun (x4)
    	An immobile repair station that contains its own engineers which will automatically repair nearby vehicles
    	Aid Station
    	Spawns a set of Engineers who automatically seek out and repair nearby vehicles.
    	Spawns a set of Engineers who automatically seek out and repair nearby vehicles.
    	An immobile aid station that contains its own engineers which will automatically repair nearby vehicles
    	An immobile aid station that contains its own engineers which will automatically repair nearby vehicles
    	An immobile repair station that contains its own engineers which will automatically repair nearby vehicles and structures
    	Dispatches a team of Engineers who automatically seek out and repair nearby vehicles, as well as structures. The team is automatically reinforced when killed.
    	Dispatches a team of Engineers who automatically seek out and repair nearby vehicles, as well as structures. The team is automatically reinforced when killed.
    	An immobile repair station that contains its own engineers which will automatically repair nearby vehicles and structures
    	Dispatches a team of Medics who automatically seek out and heal injured soldiers. The team is automatically reinforced when killed.
    	An immobile aid station that contains its own medics which will automatically heal nearby wounded. 
    	The iconic, and infamous Thompson became popular by soldiers for its thunderous rate of fire and powerful .45 ACP rounds.
    	The iconic, and infamous Thompson became popular by soldiers for its thunderous rate of fire and powerful .45 ACP rounds.
    	The iconic, and infamous Thompson became popular by soldiers for its thunderous rate of fire and powerful .45 ACP rounds.
    	The iconic, and infamous Thompson became popular by soldiers for its thunderous rate of fire and powerful .45 ACP rounds.
    	The iconic, and infamous Thompson became popular by soldiers for its thunderous rate of fire and powerful .45 ACP rounds.
    	Veterancy 1
    	Veterancy 1
    	Paradrop 101st Airborne Assault Team
    	The Browning .30 Cal is an accurate, portable machinegun with a massive 250-round ammunition belt, allowing it to suppress enemy forces for a prolonged duration.
    	Veterancy 1
    	105mm Smoke Barrage
    	12 Command Points
    	Sturmoviks will automatically recon and attack enemy units in the designated territory. Afterwards, a squad of Fallschirmjäger will be dropped at the target.
    	Sturmoviks will automatically recon and attack enemy units with ShKAS machineguns in the designated territory. Afterwards, two squads of 16th Airborne and 16 Airborne Sapers will be dropped at the target.
    	13 Command Points
    	Paradrop DshK Heavy Machine Gun
    	Paradrop in a DshK Heavy Machine Gun to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against massed infantry when setup in a defensive position.
    	Can only field 1 Soviet Kommando Squad at a time.
    	Can only field 1 US Kommando Squad at a time.
    	Brandenburg Kommandos
    	Kommandos can be deployed to the battlefield. The Brandenburg Panzergrenadieres are trained in infiltration tactics, able to sneak behind enemy lines.
    	82nd AB Fire Team
    	82nd Airborne Division Glider Assault Team
    	The famed 82nd 'All-American' Division draws its forces from all fourty-eight states, creating a fighting force with a standard for battlefield efficiency and esprit de corps.
    	Armaments: (M1 Carbines/M1911s, M1A1 Thompson), *M1A1 Thompsons x2, *M3A1 Grease Guns x2, *M1 Garands x2, *M18 Recoilless Rifle, Training: Elite, Role: Assault. Effective at medium range vs. infantry.
    	Armaments: (M1 Garands/M1911s, M1A1 Thompson (20rd.)), *M3 Grease Guns x2, *M1A1 Thompsons (20rd.) x2, *M1918A2 BAR, *M2 Flamethrower, Skill: Experienced, Role: Assault.
    	Anti-Tank Rocket, a single-use 149mm rocket that deals a solid amount of damage against tanks from a moderate distance. The 82nd Airborne captured a vast quantity of Panzerfausts for use throughout the whole war.
    	Paradrop 82nd Airborne Combat Group
    	Two squads of 'All-American' 82nd Paratroopers can be paradropped into the battlefield along with an M5 3-Inch AT Gun. These Paratroopers are deployed with M9 Bazookas w. M6A3 Rockets.
    	Unit is already moving at another pace! Disable the other movement ability to re-enable this one.
    	21st SS-Mountain Division Jägers
    	8th SS-Grenadieres
    	Grenadieres from the infamous 'Florian Geyer' Division are known for their brutal anti-partisan tactics, and atrocities against the enemy's populace. Close quarter firearms, and improvised traps can be used to eviscerate any would-be infiltrators.
    	Armaments: (K98s, MP40), *G43s x2, *StG44s x2, *FmW 35, *MG34, Training: Regular, Role: Assault. Effective at medium range vs. infantry.
    	Armaments: (K98s, MP40), *MP40 x2, *KP-31s, *G43s x2, *MG42, *Panzerschreck, Skill: Regular, Role: General Purpose.
    	Grenadieres of the 'Walloon Legion' were composed entirely of foreign volunteers, fascist Frenchmen, Belgians, and Spaniards. Motivated, and highly capable, they served courageously alongside their German counterparts.
    	28th SS-Volunteer Division Grenadiere Squad
    	28th SS-Grenadieres
    	6. SS-Gebirgs-Division ‘Nord’ Jäger
    	6. SS-Gebirgs-Division ‘Nord’ Jäger
    	Grenadieres of the 'Walloon Legion' were composed entirely of foreign volunteers, facist Frenchmen, Belgians, and Spaniards. Motivated, and highly capable, they served courageously alongside their German counterparts.
    	21st SS-Jägers
    	Named after one of the most influential figures in modern history, the 'Prinz Eugen' division fought many forgotten battles in Yugoslavia, against the resistance leader, and later dictator: Josip Tito. They are extremely skilled at anti-partisan operations.
    	Armaments: (MP40s), *G43s x2, *MP40s x2, *MG30, *FmW 35, Skill: Experienced, Role: Assault.
    	Formed in Norway in early 1941 as ‘SS-Kampfgruppe Nord’, the 6th initially served as border security. Upgraded to a motorised division in mid-June, it launched Operation Silberfuchs in July to capture Soviet held Finland and Karelia.
    	PIAT Spigot Mortar 
    	Bren Mk. II LMG 
    	Storm of Steel
    	The squad leader's MP40 is replaced by an StG44 assault rifle.
    	The squad leader's MP40 is replaced by an StG44 assault rifle.
    	MP40s for Grenadiere & Volksgrenadiere squad leaders replaced with StG44s.
    	Equip our forces with our new Wunderwaffen!
    	Sturm Aus Stahl!
    	The Scottish 42nd 'Black Watch' Regiment can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup is excellent at conducting assault operations.
    	42nd 'Black Watch' Regimental Battlegroup
    	Deploy Második Magyar Hadsereg Gyalogság Squad x2, StuG III Ausf. G x1. Click and select location to deploy.
    	Deploy 42nd Blackwatch Rifle Section x2. Click and select location to deploy.
    	10th Indian Divisional Battlegroup
    	The 10th Indian Infantry Division can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup excels at keeping the enemy at bay with larger squad sizes.
    	Deploy 10th Indian Rifle Section x2. Click and select location to deploy.
    	8th Gurhkas Regimental Battlegroup
    	The 8th Gurkhas Regiment can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup is infamous for their close-quarters prowess and tenacity.
    	Deploy 8th Gurkhas Rifle Section x2. Click and select location to deploy.
    	Shrapnel Hit!
    	Commander Injured!
    	Critical Hit!
    	Commander Injured
    	The driver has been injured, temporarily disabling movement.
    	The commander has been injured, temporarily disabling movement.
    	The commander has been injured, temporarily reducing sight radius by 50% for 10s.
    	Destroyed Engine
    	Ammo Rack Explosion!
    	Overpenetration
    	Overpenetration
    	Shrapnel Hit
    	Critical Hit
    	Lethal fragments of their own vehicle slices into the crew, impairing the vehicle's sight, movement speed, and weapon accuracy by 50% for 10s.
    	Excessive damage has revealed critical components of the vehicle, reducing overall armor rating by 25% for 15s.
    	The hull integrity is weakened by a high-velocity round, increasing received damage by 33% for 15s.
    	The crew has been temporarily incapacitated by repeated strikes for 3s.
    	Optics Damaged
    	The driver has been injured, temporarily disabling movement for 10s.
    	An engine fire temporarily reduces the speed of the vehicle by 40% for 15s.
    	The main gun loader has been injured. Main gun increased reload times by 400% for 10s.
    	Ambush Camouflage
    	The crew resumes moving at normal speed.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 5s. Attacking from camouflage grants increased damage, accuracy & penetration.
    	7 Command Points
    	Forward Headquarters
    	A heavily reinforced line of tank traps and concrete rubble, highly durable, and blocks vehicles.
    	Roadblock
    	Strategic Operations
    	Defensive Operations
    	Unlocks new features & abilities. Disables access to Defensive Operations.
    	Designate this Forward Headquarters for Offensive Operations. 
    	A combination of fear and superior firepower forces an enemy unit to fall back!
    	Left-click ability, left-click target a suppressed enemy squad, or weapon team.
    	Veterancy 1
    	4 Command Points
    	(PASSIVE) Elite Crews
    	4 Command Points
    	2 Command Points
    	Veteran weapon crews are sent to the battlefield in addition to freshly trained troops.
    	Weapon teams arrive with a random amount of experience. Does not include weapon teams, or snipers.
    	Weapon teams arrive with a random amount of experience. Includes Weapon Teams, Snipers, and Anti-Tank Teams.
    	Veteran weapon crews are sent to the battlefield to augment the infantry forces.
    	Infantry can be better trained in concealment, hiding them in cover or deep snow.
    	Manual Reload
    	Click to activate.
    	The crew reloads the weapon, allowing for the weapon to be topped-off for the next engagement. 
    	Bayonet Charge!
    	Man Those Guns!
    	A battlecry, shouted in unison, motivates Red Army forces to move faster while being immune to suppression.
    	The gun crew breaks out of suppression to reach their weapon.
    	The squad is immune to suppression.
    	The squad breaks out of suppression to man their weapon.
    	Man Those Guns!
    	Veterancy 1
    	183. Volksgrenadier-Division Volksgrenadiere
    	<locstring name="ui_squad_name_override" value="9426" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	183rd Division Volksgrenadiere Squad
    	278. Volksgrenadier-Division Volksgrenadiere
    	47. Volksgrenadier-Division Volksgrenadiere
    	246. Volksgrenadier-Division Volksgrenadiere
    	716. Infanterie-Division Volksgrenadiere
    	352. Infanterie-Division Grenadiere
    	15. Panzergrenadier-Division Grenadiere
    	90. Grenadier-Division Grenadiere
    	90th PzGren. Division Grenadiere Squad
    	3. Fallschirmjäger-Division Grenadiere
    	3rd Fallschirmjäger Division Grenadiere Squad
    	Infanterie-Ersatz-Bataillon 500 Grenadiere
    	716. Infanterie-Division Grenadiere
    	1st Infantry Division Riflemen Squad
    	1st Infantry Division Rear Echelon Squad
    	10th Mountain Division Riflemen Squad
    	2nd Mechanized Cavalry Group Rear Echelon Squad
    	101st Airborne Division Rear Echelon Squad
    	101st Airborne Division Riflemen Squad
    	4th Infantry Division Rear Echelon Squad
    	5th Infantry Division Riflemen Squad
    	3rd Armored Division Assault Squad
    	5th Infantry Division Riflemen Squad
    	4th Infantry Division Riflemen Squad
    	5th Infantry Division Riflemen Squad
    	5th Infantry Division Riflemen Squad
    	2nd Mechanized Cavalry Group Riflemen Squad
    	272. Volksgrenadier-Division Volksgrenadiere
    	Field Hospital
    	The Medic Station will be expanded into a Field Hospital, allowing the ability to reinforce on the frontline.
    	Field Hospital
    	Increases health. Upgrade leads to 25% increased health.
    	Increases health, adds reinforcement radius. Upgrade leads to 25% increased health & 25m reinforcement radius.
    	Fortified Position
    	Holding this point grants a wide area of observation on the battlefield.
    	3. Fallschirmjäger Pionere
    	Veterancy 1
    	Type: Submachine Gun, Rate of Fire: 900 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.62x25mm, Capacity: 35 Rounds, Quantity: 2. Effective at close range vs. infantry.
    	The PPSh-41 Submachine gun's iconic drum magazine is frequently complimented with the more traditional, quick-reloading 35 round box magazine.
    	Shpagin (PPSh-41) (35rd.) (x2)
    	Veterancy 1
    	Armaments: (SG-43 Goryunov, Mosin-Nagants, PPSh-41), Crew: 6, Training: Regular, Role: Suppression. Effective vs. massed infantry.
    	Armaments: (SG-43 Goryunov, Mosin-Nagants, PPSh-41), Crew: 6, Skill: Regular, Role: Suppression. 
    	Stankovyy Pulemet Sistemi Goryunova M1943
    	Stankovyy Pulemet Sistemi Goryunova M1943
    	SG-43 Goryunov Machine Gun
    	SG-43 Goryunov Machine Gun
    	SG-43 Goryunov Machine Gun
    	SG-43 Goryunov Machine Gun
    	SG-43 Goryunov MG
    	SG-43 Goryunov MG
    	SG-43 Goryunov MG
    	SG-43 Goryunov MG
    	The venerable M1910 Maxim is the Red Army's primary mounted machine gun, serving in two World Wars. It can lay down extensive suppressive fire thanks to its water-cooled design; troops could also pack in snow to further improve its reliability.
    	The venerable M1910 Maxim is the Red Army's primary mounted machine gun, serving in two World Wars. It can lay down extensive suppressive fire thanks to its water-cooled design; troops could also pack in snow to further improve its reliability.
    	The venerable M1910 Maxim is the Red Army's primary mounted machine gun, serving in two World Wars. It can lay down extensive suppressive fire thanks to its water-cooled design; troops could also pack in snow to further improve its reliability.
    	The SG-43 Goryunov is the Soviet Union's new machine gun, meant to replace the aging M1910 Maxim. A fast-firing design coupled with a large magazine makes it a formidable adversary on the battlefield.
    	The SG-43 Goryunov is the Soviet Union's new machine gun, meant to replace the aging M1910 Maxim. A fast-firing design coupled with a large magazine makes it a formidable adversary on the battlefield.
    	The SG-43 Goryunov is the Soviet Union's new machine gun, meant to replace the aging M1910 Maxim. A fast-firing design coupled with a large magazine makes it a formidable adversary on the battlefield.
    	The SG-43 Goryunov is the Soviet Union's new machine gun, meant to replace the aging M1910 Maxim. A fast-firing design coupled with a large magazine makes it a formidable adversary on the battlefield.
    	The SG-43 Goryunov is the Soviet Union's new machine gun, meant to replace the aging M1910 Maxim. A fast-firing design coupled with a large magazine makes it a formidable adversary on the battlefield.
    	Type: Machine Gun, Rate of Fire: 700 rounds per minute, Cartridge: 7.62x54mm, Capacity: 250 Rounds. Effective at long range vs. infantry.
    	Stankovyy Pulemet Sistemi Goryunova M1943
    	Stankovyy Pulemet Sistemi Goryunova M1943
    	SG-43 MG
    	75-ya Gvardeyskaya M1943
    	75-ya Gvardeyskaya M1943
    	16 Command Points
    	14 Command Points
    	12 Command Points
    	17th SS panzergrenadier Division
    	17. SS-Panzergrenadier-Division Grenadiere
    	9th SS-Panzer 'Hohenstaufen' Division Grenadiere
