    	The mighty PTRD-41 is available to take out Ivan's own tanks!
    	(PASSIVE) Satchel Charges
    	Troops are less likely to retreat when outnumbered.
    	Volksgrenadieres receive the Satchel Charge (Upgrade), Grenadieres receive the MG34 (100rd.) (Upgrade), Pioneres receive Booby Trap (Upgrade).
    	Additional explosives have been requisitioned to better assault the enemy.
    	(PASSIVE) Maschinengewehr 34
    	Grenadieres receive the MG34 (100rd.) (Upgrade).
    	Our forces can be supplied with the MG34 from our armory!
    	Improves reinforcement capability. Upgrade increases reinforcement radius by 30 meters.
    	Already armed with Panzerwurfmines!
    	(PASSIVE) Panzerwurfmines
    	(PASSIVE) Demolition Kits
    	Panzerwurfmines
    	Improves anti-tank capability at close ranges. Replaces the Brandflasche ability. Locks out the Panzerfaust-100 upgrade & ability. 
    	Improves anti-tank capability at close ranges. Replaces the Gewehrsprenggranate 40 ability. Locks out the Panzerfaust-100 upgrade & ability. 
    	The Panzerwurfmine is a short ranged, devastating anti-tank grenade, that can outright destroy light vehicles and severely damage medium tanks.
    	Grenadieres receive Panzerwurfmines (Upgrade).
    	Designed for the Luftwaffe ground forces, the Panzerwurfmine found itself in the hands of German forces fighting across all fronts. Its potent explosive charge, and impact fuse made it a devastating weapon. 
    	Volksgrenadiers receive the Demolition Kit (Upgrade).
    	Troops are taught how to utilize powerful explosive charges.
    	SS-Sturmgeschütz Crew
    	Sturmgeschütz Crew
    	Support infantry, useful for crewing abandoned vehicles, or repairing structures.
    	The Sturmgeschütz is distinguished by its unique design; as part of the Artillerie Corps, 
    	Considered by many as a tank, the Sturmgeschütz and its crew rightfully belong to the Artillerie Corps, due to its role supporting the infantry. As a result, the crews wear uniforms more akin to artillerymen rather than tank crews.
    	Considered to be part of the Artillerie Korps due to their role as infantry support, Sturmgeschütz Crews nevertheless were highly proficient with their assault guns. They shaped the StuG into arguably Germany's most efficient armoured fighting vehicle.
    	Considered to be part of the Artillerie Korps due to their role as infantry support, Sturmgeschütz Crews nevertheless were highly proficient with their assault guns. They shaped the StuG into arguably Germany's most efficient armoured fighting vehicle.
    	Discarding the uniform of the Panzer Korps for that of the Artillerie, the Sturmgeschütz Crews are incredibly versatile, from providing infantry fire support, to ambushing enemy armor as tank destroyers; no task was too difficult.
    	The Veteran Panzer Crews have fought in countless battles, earning legendary reputations for their mastery of armoured combat. Considered as heroes, stories of their exploits gave hope to the beleaguered troops, and the Germany's people.
    	StuG Crew
    	StuG Crew
    	Left-click and left-click target area. Fires 8 Rounds. Delay 5s.
    	2nd Mechanized Cavalry Vehicle Crew
    	2nd Cavalry Vehicle Crew
    	The 2nd 'Dragoons' Regiment has been around since the early days of the United States. Training extensively in new combined arms tactics; the Dragoons performed daring raids against the enemy, earning them the title of 'Ghost Army' from their foes.
    	246. Pionier-Bataillon Pionere
    	219. Pionier-Bataillon Pionere
    	716. Pionier-Bataillon Pionere
    	147. Pionier-Bataillon Pionere
    	90th PzGren. Division Grenadiere Squad
    	900. Pionier-Bataillon Pionere
    	352. Pionier-Bataillon Pionere
    	2. SS-Panzer-Division Sturmpioniere
    	32nd SS-Pionier-Bataillon Sturmpionere Squad
    	17th SS-Panzergrenadiere Division
    	17. SS-Panzergrenadier-Division Sturmpioniere
    	1 Pionier-Kompanie des Heeres 
    	1. Pionier-Kompanie des Heeres Sturmpioniere
    	9. SS-Panzer-Division Sturmpioniere
    	32. SS-Pionierbataillon Sturmpioniere
    	4th SS-Panzerpionier-Bataillon Sturmpionere Squad
    	200th Leichte Division Panzergrenadiere Squad
    	200th Leichte Panzergrenadieres
    	Panzergrenadier-Regiment 200 Panzergrenadiere
    	200. Regimental Panzergrenadiere
    	A regiment of experienced desert combat veterans, personnel of the 200th were also specialists in field maintenance. Providing critical repairs, these men kept the Panzers of the 90th ‘Afrika Division’ operational in the deserts of Tunisia.
    	3 Command Points
    	1st Airborne Division Paratrooper Fire Team
    	1st Airborne Fire Team
    	Armaments: (Lee-Enfields/No. 2, STEN Mk. V), *Bren Mk. 2, *Vickers K (H), *MG34 (A), *L1A1-No. 32, *PIAT, Skill: Elite, Role: Frontline.
    	Already armed with HHL-3 Anti-Tank Grenades!
    	(PASSIVE) Granatebüchse 39
    	A shortened variant of the Panzerbüchse, the GrB. 39 is a modified weapon designed to fire rifle grenade rounds at the target.
    	Grenadieres receive the Granatebüchse 39 (Upgrade).
    	Volksgrenadieres receive the Model 39 Impact Grenade (Upgrade), Grenadieres receive the Sturmgewehr 44 (Zielgerät 1229) (Upgrade), Pioneres receive Advanced Repair (Upgrade).
    	(PASSIVE) HHL-3 Anti-Tank Grenade
    	A heavy anti-tank charge can be planted directly on enemy vehicles to inflict massive damage.
    	Shock Troops combine aggressive spirit with automatic weapons to take the fight to the enemy. The CH-42 is a steel cuirass that can potentially protect the wearer from anything up to a single rifle round; it increases the soldier's overall durability.
    	Fire 50mm 'Naiman' Hand Mortar
    	Rifle Grenade, a Mosin-Nagant converted to fire 50mm mortar rounds, large blast radius.
    	Left-click ability, left-click target position. Effective at medium range vs. infantry & emplacements.
    	Deploy Második Magyar Hadsereg Gyalogság Squad x2. Click and select location to deploy.
    	Deploy Panzer Lehr Division Panzergrenadiere Squad x1, Sdfkz. 250 x1, Sdfkz. 222 x1, Kübelwagen x1. Click and select location to deploy.
    	Utility vehicle, (Traits: + Highly Mobile, - Easily Decrewed): Versatile four-wheeled vehicle that can conduct repairs, scout, and provide suppressive fire.
    	Hungary's 2nd Army forces can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup is excellent at conducting assault operations.
    	The veteran Kampfgruppe Lehr can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup is excellent at conducting assault operations.
    	The veteran Kampfgruppe Lehr can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup is excellent at conducting skirmishes and recon missions.
    	Panzer Lehr Mechanized Kampfgruppe
    	The veteran Kampfgruppe Lehr can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup is perfect for engaging light armoured targets.
    	Deploy Panzer Lehr Division Panzergrenadiere Squad x1, Sdfkz. 250 x1, Sdkfz. 234 x1, Panzer II Ausf. L x1, Panzer IV Ausf. F1. Click and select location to deploy.
    	5 Command Points
    	Panzer Lehr Armored Kampfgruppe
    	The veteran Kampfgruppe Lehr can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup is adept at engaging regular armor.
    	For the Rodina!
    	A battlecry, shouted in unison, motivates Red Army forces to move faster while being immune to suppression. 
    	A battlecry, shouted in unison, motivates the Shock Troops to break out of suppression. Significant weight of the armor reduces speed & recovery time.
    	Infiltrate 1st Airborne Paratroopers
    	A squad of 1st Airborne Division Paratrooper Fire Team can be deployed to the battlefield. The Fire Team specializes in medium to far range engagements.
    	Infiltrate 1st Airborne Fire Team
    	Paradrop 1st Airborne Assault Team
    	A squad of 1st Airborne Paratrooper Assault Team can be paradropped into the battlefield. The Assault Team specializes in close to medium ranged combat. 
    	Paratroopers are pushed further through grueling combat training, increasing their lethality even more. Troops fire 5% faster, and 5% more accurately.
    	Anvil: Glider troops & airborne weapon teams.
    	Armaments: 8 cm GrW 34, Armor: 14.5mm, Role: Indirect Fire, Speed: 76 km/h. Effective vs. static infantry and structures.
    	Merging the dependable 8 cm GrW 34 with the reputable 250 chassis, the Wehrmacht requested full production in 1943. A valuable asset, the Sdkfz. 250/7 was popular with armored units for its indirect fire support and adaptability.
    	Sonderkraftfahrzeug 250/7
    	White Phosphorus Rounds
    	White Phosphorus Rounds
    	Wurfgranate 39 Rounds
    	Incendiary Rounds
    	M56 Delayed Fuse HE Rounds
    	The mortar team is issued high-explosive rounds that detonate with extreme force after a short fuse. Good for area denial.
    	The mortar team is issued high-explosive rounds that detonate with extreme force after a short fuse. Good for area denial.
    	The mortar team is issued lethal incendiary rounds that blanket the area with searing flames.
    	The mortar team is issued lethal incendiary rounds that blanket the area with searing flames.
    	The mortar team is issued lethal incendiary rounds that blanket the area with searing flames.
    	The mortar team is issued deadly 'Willy Pete' rounds that obscure vision and burns through flesh.
    	The mortar team is issued deadly 'Willy Pete' rounds that obscure vision and burns through flesh.
    	M57 Chemical Smoke Rounds
    	Issues the tank with white phosphorus rounds that produces a deadly smoke cloud that damages infantry within.
    	Improves scouting capability at long ranges. Replaces the Smoke Barrage ability. REQUIRES WEAPON TO BE SETUP.
    	Illumination Rounds
    	Improves screening capability at all ranges. Replaces the Smoke Barrage ability. REQUIRES WEAPON TO BE SETUP.
    	Improves anti-infantry capability at all ranges. Replaces the Smoke Barrage ability. REQUIRES WEAPON TO BE SETUP. 
    	The mortar crew is issued delayed-fuze mortar rounds which deflect off the ground and burst in mid-air.
    	The howitzer crew is issued deadly 'Willy Pete' rounds that obscure vision and burns through flesh.
    	Fire 8cm Wgr. 34 Nb (x6)
    	81mm M301 Illumination Round (x1)
    	8cm Mortar Smoke Barrage
    	8cm High-Explosive Mortar Barrage
    	Pz.Kpfw. IV Ausf. J
    	Deploy Panzer Lehr Division Panzergrenadiere Squad x1, Sdfkz. 250 x1, Panzer IV Ausf. J x2. Click and select location to deploy.
    	8 Command Points
    	Fallschirmjägers (Parachute Hunters) are the Wehrmacht's elite troops, alongside their Gerbirgsjägers brothers. 
    	Alongside the Gebirgsjäger, Fallschirmjäger were considered the elite of the Wehrmacht. Despite Hitler’s ban on large-scale airborne operations after the disastrous Crete campaign, these elite troops continued to dominate enemy forces.
    	The target area is scattered with SD2 bombs. These mines are configured to explode when tampered with.
    	Improves anti-infantry & emplacement capability at all ranges.
    	Type: Rifle, Rate of Fire: Semi-Automatic, Cartridge: 7.62x63mm, Capacity: 8 Rounds, Quantity: 2. Effective at medium range vs. infantry. 
    	Type: Rifle, Rate of Fire: Semi-Automatic, Cartridge: 7.62x63mm, Capacity: 8 Rounds, Effective at long range vs. infantry. 
    	Rifle, Cal .30, M1C 'Garand' (M84)
    	The M1C Garand is a regular rifle fitted with an angled magnified optic to grant infantry a designated marksman rifle. 
    	Flare Rifle Grenade
    	Armaments: (M1911s, M3 Grease Gun) *M1 Carbines x2, *M3 Grease Guns x2, *M1A1 Thompsons x2, Training: Experienced, Role: Vehicle Crew.
    	The Veteran Tankmen of the Soviet Union are extraordinarily talented, producing arguably the best aces the Allied forces had to offer. Many did not live to see the end of the war, nor to be recognized as aces; having perished in the thick of heavy combat.
    	The Tankmen of the Red Army are the unsung heroes of the Eastern Front, taking on the massive tanks of the German Army with inferior weapons and thin armour, suffering countless losses - and yet emerging victorious, against all odds.
    	Considered merely as 'infantry support,' the Soviet Tankmen formed the colossal armoured fist which smashed Germany's Panzer forces into ruin. Relying on sheer number, ingenuity, and courage; Tankmen paved the way for their comrades with their lives.
    	The Tankmen of the Red Army are the unsung heroes of the Eastern Front, taking on the massive tanks of the German Army with inferior weapons and thin armour, suffering countless losses - and yet emerging victorious, against all odds.
    	Arriving late in the war, American tankers nonetheless had its share of experienced crews by the end of the war. 
    	Arriving late in the war, American tankers nonetheless have seen their fair share of combat, from the wide-open plains of Africa, to the claustrophobic hedgerows of Normandy; they were a welcome sight for the weary infantryman.
    	The Veteran Tankers have fought through fierce battles against the Third Reich's Panzer forces, and emerged victorious. Skilled and highly experienced, these individual crews have eliminated numerous tanks and self-propelled guns.
    	Armaments: (M1911s, STEN Mk. II), *M1 Carbines x2, *STEN Mk. IIs x2, *M1A1 Thompsons x2, Skill: Experienced, Role: Vehicle Crew.
    	The Veteran Tank Crews are responsible for the destruction of countless German heavy tanks and the loss of many Panzer aces. Later in the war, water heating systems were introduced to allow crews to boil tea within the safety of their tanks.
    	FuG 12 Radio Set
    	Installs an 80-watt radio set, alongside a 'Bedframe' Antenna, allowing the vehicle to detect vehicles in the fog of war, similar to infantry.
    	Allows
    	The squad can detect nearby enemies moving out of line of sight (e.g. behind fences, buildings, etc).
    	The vehicle can detect nearby vehicles out of line of sight (e.g. behind fences, buildings, etc), similar to infantry.
    	Increases extended sight radius. Upgrade leads to +120 extended vehicle sight.
    	3. SS-Panzer-Division Veterans
    	3. SS-Panzer-Division Sturmgrenadiere
    	3. SS-Panzer-Division Stoßtrupp
    	At Kursk the 3rd lost most of its tanks and was badly mauled. Reorganized and eager to reassert dominance, the new 3. SS-Panzer-Division ruthlessly halted repeated Soviet attempts to invade Romania and Poland between 1943 and 1944.
    	The ‘LSSAH’ rarely kept prisoners for long, and throughout the war butchered around 5,000 POWs, and thousands of civilians. Completely loyal to Fatherland & Führer, the 1st forged a bloody reputation on both the West and Ostfront using racial ideology and the latest advances in military technology.
    	The Waffen-SS, just as the Wehrmacht, was not an entirely German force. The 5th SS-Panzer Division drew recruits from northern countries such as Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, the Netherlands and Belgium, under German command.
    	Reveals for approximately 30s.
    	Reveals for approximately 30s.
    	Reveals for approximately 30s.
    	Reveals for approximately 30s.
    	Reveals for approximately 30s.
    	Reveals for approximately 30s.
    	Reveals for approximately 30s.
    	Reveals for approximately 30s.
    	Reveals for approximately 30s.
    	Flare, a short-ranged parachute flare is fired at the target, revealing an area in the fog-of-war. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding behind corners, without risking your troops.
    	Flare, a short-ranged parachute flare is fired at the target, revealing an area in the fog-of-war. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding behind corners, without risking your troops.
    	Flare, a short-ranged parachute flare is fired at the target, revealing an area in the fog-of-war. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding behind corners, without risking your troops.
    	Flare, a short-ranged parachute flare is fired at the target, revealing an area in the fog-of-war. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding behind corners, without risking your troops.
    	Flare, a short-ranged parachute flare is fired at the target, revealing an area in the fog-of-war. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding behind corners, without risking your troops.
    	Flare, a short-ranged parachute flare is fired at the target, revealing an area in the fog-of-war. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding behind corners, without risking your troops.
    	Flare, a short-ranged parachute flare is fired at the target, revealing an area in the fog-of-war. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding behind corners, without risking your troops.
    	Fire Flare
    	Fire Flare
    	Fire Flare
    	Fire Flare
    	Fire Flare
    	Fire Flare
    	Fire Flare
    	Flare, a slow-falling parachute flare is ejected out of a mortar shell, revealing the nearby area. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding around corners.
    	Flare, a slow-falling parachute flare is ejected out of a mortar shell, revealing the nearby area. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding around corners.
    	Flare, a slow-falling parachute flare, useful for revealing enemies hiding around corners, & camouflaged units.
    	Flare, a slow-falling parachute flare is ejected out of a mortar shell, revealing the nearby area. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding around corners.
    	Flare, a slow-falling parachute flare is ejected out of a mortar shell, revealing the nearby area. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding around corners.
    	Flare, a slow-falling parachute flare is ejected out of a mortar shell, revealing the nearby area. Flares are useful for revealing enemies hiding around corners.
    	Reveals for approximately 35s. Delay: 5.5s (After round is fired). 
    	Left-click ability, left-click target position. Reveals for approximately 35s. Delay: 5.5s (After round is fired). 
    	Left-click ability, left-click target position. Reveals for approximately 35s. Delay: 5.5s (After round is fired). 
    	Reveals for approximately 35s. Delay: 5.5s (After round is fired). 
    	Reveals for approximately 35s. Delay: 5.5s (After round is fired). 
    	Left-click ability, left-click target position. Fires 1 Round. Duration: 35s.
    	Fire 60mm M83 (x1)
    	Fire 3-Inch Illumination (x1)
    	Fire 120mm Flare (x1)
    	Fire 82mm Flare (x1)
    	The vehicle crew puts camouflage techniques to use, hiding the vehicle from plain sight, waiting for a target to strike.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 5s. Attacking from camouflage grants increased damage & accuracy.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 5s. Attacking from camouflage grants increased damage & accuracy.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 5s. Attacking from camouflage grants increased damage & accuracy.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 5s. Attacking from camouflage grants increased damage & accuracy.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 5s. Attacking from camouflage grants increased damage & accuracy.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 5s. Attacking from camouflage grants increased damage & accuracy.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 5s. Cannot be used with other stationary abilities.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 5s. Cannot be used with other stationary abilities.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 10s. Cannot be used with other stationary abilities.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 5s. Cannot be used with other stationary abilities.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 5s. Attacking from camouflage grants increased damage, accuracy & penetration.
    	Toggle ability. Detection Range: 25m. Delay: 8s. Attacking from camouflage grants increased damage, accuracy & penetration.
    	The unit is camouflaged, granting increased damage, accuracy & penetration on attack.
    	The unit is camouflaged, granting increased damage, accuracy & penetration on attack.
    	The unit is camouflaged, granting increased damage, accuracy & penetration on attack.
    	The unit is camouflaged, granting increased damage, accuracy & penetration on attack.
    	The unit is camouflaged, granting increased damage, accuracy & penetration on attack.
    	The unit is camouflaged, granting increased damage, accuracy & penetration on attack.
    	Camouflage
    	Camouflage
    	Camouflage
    	Camouflage
    	Veterancy 2
    	The Jagdpanzer IV's side skirts have less coverage, thus offers less protection for reduced cost.
    	Equips the tank with armor side skirts improving its durability.
    	The Sturmgewehr 44 is an extremely adaptable weapon with its multiple fire modes. Entire divisions would be outfitted with these weapons towards the end of the war.
    	While the MG42 went on to become the standard-issue machine gun for Germany's forces, the proven MG34 continued to be used alongside it until the war's end. 
    	Logistical Operations
    	Medical Operations
    	Designate this Forward Headquarters for medical support and troop preservation.
    	Designate this Forward Headquarters for repairs and resupply missions.
    	Can only field (2) 'M8 Scotts' at a time.
    	Engineer/Panzergrenadiere infantry, (Traits: + Repair Tools, + Wire Cutters, + Mechanized Assault): Versatile combat troops that can support vehicles and function as regular infantry.
    	SS-Freiwilligen-Legion ‘Nederland’ Panzerbüchse Squad
    	4. SS-Freiwilligen-Panzergrenadier-Brig. Panzerjäger
    	The SS-Freiwilligen-Legion ‘Nederland’ Division quickly found itself fighting for survival on the Ostfront. Forced to use whatever they could find, the obsolete Panzerbüchse 39 was used to destroy light armour, vehicles, and crewed weapons.
    	The King Tiger is built from the bones of dead Norse gods, powered by children's tears and firing shells that contain the essence of the Grim Reaper himself.
    	Forward Deploy 17. SS-Pz.Gren Panzerjäger
    	Fallschirmjäger can be deployed to the battlefield. These elite infantry units are excellent against infantry at all ranges.
    	SS-Panzerjägers can be deployed to the battlefield. This anti-tank squad has a reduced squad size of 3 soldiers, available at a cheaper deployment cost.
    	New unit - Fallschirmjäger - available for deployment. This unit can be deployed from ambient buildings. Click and select location in line of sight to deploy.
    	New unit - 17th SS-Panzerjägers - available for deployment. This unit can be deployed from ambient buildings. Click and select location in line of sight to deploy.
    	Can only field 2 17th-SS Panzerjäger Squads at a time.
    	17. SS-Pz.Gren Panzerjäger
    	<locstring name="brief_text" value="9240" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Armaments: (K98s, Panzerbüchse 39s x2), Training: Experienced, Role: Anti-Vehicle. Effective at medium range vs. light vehicles.
    	17. SS-Panzergrenadier-Division Panzergrenadiere
    	17. SS-Pz.Gren Panzergrenadiere
    	Armaments: (K98s, Panzerbüchse 39s x2), Training: Experienced, Role: General Purpose. Effective at medium range vs. infantry & light vehicles.
    	Formed from ethnic Germans and French volunteers, the ‘Götz von Berlichingen’ was the only Panzergrenadier division in Normandy. Armed with just 42 StuGs and unwavering loyalty, the 17th incapacitated three full U.S. divisions.
    	Armaments: (K98s, StG44), *G43s x2, *MG42, *Panzerschreck, Training: Experienced, Role: General Purpose. Effective at medium range vs. infantry & light vehicles.
    	Armaments: (K98s, StG44), *MP717(r)s x2, *G43s x2, *MG42 (100rd.), *RPzB-54/1, Skill: Experienced, Role: Assault.
    	Can only field (1) 'Großdeutschland Panzerfüsilier' at a time.
    	2 Command Points
    	Második Magyar Rifle Kampfgruppe
    	Panzergrenadiere infantry, (Traits: + Interrogation, + Entrench Tanks, + Mechanized Assault): Unrelenting soldiers that can be armed for anti-tank combat.
    	Paradrop 101st Airborne Assault Group
    	Two squads of 101st Paratroopers can be paradropped into the battlefield. 101st Assault Teams are extremely effective at close range, with or without upgrades.
    	Immobilized
    	The vehicle can be issued smoke grenades to block the enemy's line of sight.
    	Smoke Grenades
    	Veterancy 1
    	Veterancy 1
    	Veterancy 2
    	Veterancy 2
    	Veterancy 1
    	2. SS-Panzer-Division MG34
    	Fragmentation Rounds
    	Issues the tank with fragmentation rounds that project an enormous amount of shrapnel, effective against soft targets. 
    	Improves anti-infantry capability at all ranges.
    	Issues the tank with high-explosive anti-tank rounds that project an enormous amount of shrapnel, effective against soft targets. 
    	HEAT Rounds
    	Issues the tank with high-explosive anti-tank rounds that have superior penetration and a moderate blast radius, at the cost of shorter range.
    	Improves anti-infantry & anti-vehicle capability at all ranges. Replaces the High-Explosive Rounds ability.
    	Toggle on/off. Ability leads to 25% faster reload speed, 50% faster turret turn rate, and +25 increased sight radius.
    	Veterancy 2
    	The BR-540B Armor Piercing round has a better chance of penetrating enemy armor.
    	Main Gun: Load Armor Piercing
    	Main Gun: Load Anti-Concrete
    	Toggle from High-Explosive to Anti-Concrete rounds. Increases shell penetration but decreases blast radius. Pierces through most world objects.
    	The G-530 anti-concrete round punches through obstacles & armor, and then detonates from the inside. The subsequent explosion is potent, but mostly contained. 
    	The G-530 anti-concrete round punches through obstacles & armor, and then detonates from the inside. 
    	The Panzergrenadieres train and fight alongside their vehicles, increasing combat effectiveness, negating suppression, and drawing away enemy fire.
    	Mechanized Assault
    	11th Armoured Division Rifle Section
    	1st Commando Brigade Rifle Section
    	4th Commando Brigade Rifle Section
    	Warwickshire Regimental Rifle Section
    	Royal Fusiliers Rifle Section
    	The Gordon Highlanders Rifle Section
    	Sherwood Rangers Yeomanry Rifle Section
    	GHQ Liason Regimental Rifle Section
    	Guards Armoured Division Rifle Section
    	King's Own Royal Regimental Rifle Section
    	Royal Hamilton Light Infantry Rifle Section
    	The Seaforth Highlanders Rifle Section
    	The 'Phantom' Regiment is a specialized reconnaissance unit formed to gather intelligence and to locate isolated troops. During Market Garden, it was the only unit able to establish contact with the devastated airborne troops at Arnhem.
    	The Sherwood Rangers are a light cavalry regiment created in 1794, fighting in Africa for nearly a century until called to fight in the First World War. The squadron became the very first British unit to fight on German soil, during Operation Market Garden.
    	At the outbreak of the war, the King's Own had soldiers stationed across the world; subsequently providing troops to fight all three major Axis powers. It would end its service fighting on the Western Front, after nearly three centuries after its creation.
    	One of the first of Canada's regiments to mobilize for war, the Seaforth Highlanders fought in intense street battles in the cities of Italy against veteran German troops. Of the many battles they've fought, Ortona was given the nickname 'Little Stalingrad.'
    	The Guards Armoured Division was created specifically for Operation Overlord, recruits drawn from elements of other Guards units. The unit would be the tip of the spear for XXX Corps during Market Garden, fighting in the failed attack on Nijmegen bridge. 
    	The R.H.L.I. Regiment initially served in the disastrous Operation Jubilee, known as the 'Dieppe Raid.' Thousands of allied troops had been killed, surrendered, or otherwise retreated in the span of ten hours. The unit would fight until the very of the war.
    	Grenadier Guard Rifle Section
    	Standing silently at the Buckingham Palace to this day, the venerable Grenadier Guard fought valiantly during the Battle of France and evacuation of Dunkirk, holding the line for others to withdraw back to Britain, and continuing to serve ever since.
    	Fighting alongside the British Expeditionary Force early on in the war, the Royal Fusiliers once again saw combat on the Italian Peninsula. Gradually, many of its battalions were transferred to the Far East, to train troops in jungle warfare.
    	The success of the British Commandos across the world led to the formation of the 4th Commando Brigade. Experts in amphibious assault, the 4th Commandos landed on Sword, Juno, and Gold Beach during D-Day, and fought at the Scheldt.
    	Formed in 1940, the 1st Commando Brigade drew men from veteran commando units and Royal Marines. In Spring 1941 the commandos sank 18,000 tons of shipping and captured pieces of the Enigma Machine at the Lofoten Islands.
    	The German Blitzkrieg and startling success of the Panzer Divisions spurred the creation of Britain's own 11th Armoured Division. It would be credited for several major victories during Normandy, and for liberating France, Belgium, and the Netherlands.
    	Formed in 1938 in Egypt under famed tank theorist Major-General Sir Percy Hobart, the ‘Desert Rats’ served gallantly at Tobruk, Gazala and El Alamein. Forcing the Afrika Korps to capitulate in May 1943, the 7th fought in Italy until that fall.
    	79th Specialist Armoured Division Rifle Section
    	Led by Major Percy Hobart after leading the 'Desert Rats,' the unit had many custom-engineered vehicles colloquially known as 'Hobarts Funnies' . Many concepts, such as APCs, mine flails, and bridge-laying vehicles became staples of modern warfare.
    	Bren Mk.1 Light Machine Gun
    	<locstring name="extra_text" value="6579" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Accurate to a fault, the Bren Mk.1 could land impressive shots at range, but was woefully inept at suppression.
    	<locstring name="screen_name" value="11085812" />
    	Bren Mk. I Light Machine Gun
    	Bren Mk. I Light Machine Gun
    	Veterancy 3
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ High Accuracy, + Fires on the Move, - Low Capacity, - Poor Suppression).
    	Compared to similar weapons: (+ High Accuracy, + Fires on the Move, - No Suppression, - Low ROF)
    	SS-Sturmpioneres receive the Granatebüchse 39 (Upgrade), SS-Sturmgrenadieres receive the StG44s (Upgrade), SS-Stoßtruppen receive the Panzerfaust-100 (Upgrade).
    	Our brave infantry forces are issued new weapons to assault the enemy line!
    	sWs Halftracks receive the Accelerate! ability.
    	SS-Sturmgrenadieres receive the Model 24 Grenade Assault ability (Upgrade).
    	SS-Stoßtruppen receive the Satchel Charge ability (Upgrade), SS-Sturmgrenadieres receive the Model 24 Grenade Assault ability (Upgrade).
    	Veterancy 2
    	Veterancy 1
    	Veterancy 1
    	3 Command Points
    	Left-click ability and left-click enemy vehicle or crewed weapon. Tank needs a clear route. Bulldozer decreases self-damage and chance of damaging its own main gun.
    	Left-click ability, left-click target area. Effective at close range vs. infantry & emplacements. Fires 4 Rounds. Delay: 2s.
    	The Nahverteidigungswaffe is used to launch a close-range grenade at nearby infantry forces, detonating a few meters off the ground for increased kill radius.
    	Smoke Dischargers
    	<locstring name="extra_text" value="8803" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Improves anti-infantry & emplacement capability at all ranges. Replaces the Smoke Barrage ability. 
    	Click and target position. Barriers can be destroyed by right-clicking.
    	The tank crew uses their bulldozer-equipped tank as a battering ram, smashing into enemy tanks with the hope of disabling them.
    	<locstring name="help_text" value="10831" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Improves anti-infantry & emplacement capability at all ranges. Replaces the Kartätschenpatrone KwK ability.
    	Can only field 2 M5 Half-tracks at a time.
    	Can only field 2 M16 Anti-Aircraft Half-tracks at a time.
    	Can only field (1) 'Tiger Ace' at a time.
    	Deutschland über Alles!
    	<locstring name="help_text" value="11094895" />
    	The experienced Kettenhunde unleash a battle cry, motivating nearby squads to move faster and fight harder, while being more vulnerable to fire.
    	Ein Volk, ein Reich
    	Vigilance (Sturmbannführer)
    	M9 Bazooka Rocket Launcher w. M6A3
    	M9 Bazooka Rocket Launcher
    	RPzB 54 "Panzerschreck" Rocket Launcher
    	RPzB 54 "Panzerschreck" Rocket Launcher
    	MG42 Light Machine Gun (Belt)
    	Projector, Infantry, Anti-Tank
    	Projector, Infantry, Anti-Tank
    	Panzerbefehlswagen IV
    	Toggle on/off. 
    	Toggle on/off. 
    	Infiltrate 1st Airborne Assault Team
    	A squad of 1st Airborne Division Paratrooper Assault Team can be deployed to the battlefield. The Fire Team specializes in medium to far range engagements.
    	A squad of 1st Airborne Paratrooper Assault Team can be paradropped into the battlefield. The Assault Team specializes in close to medium ranged combat. 
    	Improves anti-tank capability at close ranges. Replaces the VKG-40 ability. Locks out the Satchel Charge upgrade & ability. 
    	Improves anti-tank capability at close ranges. Replaces the VKG-40 ability. Locks out the Satchel Charge upgrade & ability. 
    	Improves anti-tank capability at close ranges. Replaces the Gewehrsprenggranate 40 ability. Locks out the Panzerfaust-100 upgrade & ability. 
    	The RPG-6 is a close ranged, hollow charge anti-tank grenade, that can outright destroy light vehicles and severely damage medium tanks.
    	RPG-6 Anti-Tank Grenade
    	<locstring name="screen_name" value="118" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	<locstring name="extra_text" value="6575" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	<locstring name="help_text" value="10231" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Impact Grenade, a baseball-shaped frag grenade with improved throwing range, explodes on impact.
    	MK3A2 Concussion Grenade
    	Concussion Grenade, generates a compact shockwave killing infantry via blast pressure. Ignores cover and extremely deadly vs. garrisoned units.
    	Left-click ability, left-click target area. Effective vs. infantry. Stuns surviving infantry.
    	<locstring name="screen_name" value="10291" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Smoke/Impact Grenade, utilizes caustic titanium tetrachloride to create a smoke screen, obscuring line of sight, disabling vehicle weapons, and harming infantry.
    	Smoke/Impact Grenade, a crude gas weapon that blocks line of sight, disables vehicle weapons, and harms infantry.
    	Rifle Grenade, a standard issue frag grenade is fired from a rifle, exploding and killing infantry after a short delay. Larger payload than the M17 round, though less accurate.
    	Fire Mk. 2 'Pineapple' Grenade
    	M17 Delayed-Fuse Rifle Grenade
    	Rifle-mounted frag grenades provides longer range over regular grenades, at the cost of increased scatter
    	Mk. 2 'Pineapple' Rifle Grenade
    	T-13 'BEANO' Grenade
    	A baseball-shaped impact grenade that can decimate infantry before they can seek cover.
    	Veterancy 2
    	Veterancy 3
    	Veterancy 2
    	Throw RPG-40 Anti-Tank Grenade
    	Explosive Charge, packed with a hefty amount of plastic explosives, able to blow away enemy infantry, and vehicles with an impact fuse.
    	Explosive Charge, multi-purpose anti-tank grenade that can demolish light armor and structures within a condensed radius.
    	Improves anti-tank capability at close ranges. Replaces current anti-tank ability. Locks out the Satchel Charge upgrade & ability. 
    	Vive la France!
    	Vive la France!
    	Impact Grenade, the F1 'Lemon' is a frag grenade that can be modified to explode on impact, giving the enemy no time to escape.
    	Throw F1 Impact Grenade
    	Impact Grenade, the French F1 Frag Grenade that can be modified to explode on impact, giving the enemy no time to escape.
    	Impact Grenade, the F1 'Lemon' is a frag grenade based off French design, it can be modified to explode on impact.
    	The French had received massive shipments Boys Anti-Tank Rifles through Great Britain in exchange for their 25mm Hotchkiss Anti-Tank Guns. 
    	2nd Parachute Chasseurs Battlegroup.
    	Free France's 2nd Parachute Chasseur Regiment can be deployed to the battlefield. This battlegroup can be rapidly sent to reinforce the front line.
    	Who Dares Wins!
    	Duration 20s. Cannot fire weapons while moving, sight radius reduced. Breaks out of any suppression.
    	Who Dares Wins!
    	6 Command Points
    	A squad of 1st Airborne Division Paratrooper Assault Team can be deployed to the battlefield. The Assault Team specializes in close to medium range engagements.
    	Pillbox
    	5 Command Points
    	3 Command Points
    	Veterancy 1
    	Pantherturm III
    	Anti-tank emplacement, a powerful tank turret mounted on a durable concrete bunker, includes firing ports for infantry.
    	Throw No. 69 Impact Grenade
    	Throw No. 69 Impact Grenade
    	No. 69 Impact Grenade
    	A baseball-shaped impact grenade that can decimate infantry before they can seek cover.
    	An impact grenade that can detonate before the enemy can properly react.
    	While active, all medium and heavy tanks that are lost will be replaced by T-34/76 Medium Tanks.
    	Duration 30s. Replaces up to four tanks, affects the T-34/76, T-34/85, KV-1, and IS-2 tanks
    	12 Command Points
    	Crewed Weapons
    	<locstring name="extra_text" value="9036" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Sniper
    	1st Airborne Combat Medic Squad
    	1st Airborne Combat Medics
    	Medical personnel, (Traits: + Shared Veterancy): Can provide first aid and build aid stations.
    	Armaments: Mosin-Nagant, M1895, Training: Regular, Role: Medic. Effective at medium range vs. infantry.
    	Armaments: (Lee-Enfields, Webley), Skill: Elite, Role: Medic.
    	Can only field 1 1st Airborne Combat Medic squad at a time.
    	M17 AA Half-track
    	Transport vehicle, (Traits: + Versatile Gun, + High Mobility, - Low Durability): Use to provide suppressive fire, a firing platform, or bring in reinforcements.
    	Anti-aircraft vehicle, (Traits: + High Damage, + Fast Suppression, - Slow Reload, - Low Durability): Use to defend against air strikes, or against light targets.
    	Vehicle crews repair battlefield damage on their vehicles once out of combat, and within friendly territory.
    	Airdrop Maschinengewehr 42
    	Line/Paratrooper infantry, (Traits: + Passive Healing, + Camouflage, + Airdropped Upgrades): Elite troops with access to the most powerful infantry weapons available, suited for medium to long ranges.
    	Armaments: (K98s/P35, StG44), *G43s x2, *FG42s x2, *FG42s-Zf4 x2, *MG42 (100rd.), Skill: Elite, Role: Frontline.
    	Armaments: (G43s, FG42), *MP40s x2, *FG42s x2, *RPzB-54/1, Skill: Elite, Role: Assault.
    	Airdrop 8cm Granatewerfer 34
    	Airdrop 8.8 cm Raketenwerfer 43
    	Paradrop in an 8.8 cm Raketenwerfer 43 to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against even the most well-armoured targets on the battlefield.
    	Paradrop in an MG42 Machine Gun to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against massed infantry when setup in a defensive position.
    	Paradrop in a Maschinengewehr 42 to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against massed infantry when setup in a defensive position.
    	Paradrop in a Maschinengewehr 34 to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against massed infantry when setup in a defensive position.
    	Paradrop in an 8cm Granatewerfer 34 to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against infantry hiding behind cover.
    	Paradrop in an Infanteriegeschütz 18 to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against infantry hiding behind cover.
    	Airdrop Infanteriegeschütz 18
    	Paradrop in an Infanteriegeschütz 18 to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against massed infantry and units hiding behind cover.
    	Support structure. A direct communication line with the Oberkommando des Heeres, the mobile radio allows commanders to call in additional SS battlegroups to supplement their force composition.
    	Can be used to call in battlegroup units to the field, as well as function as a retreat point. Battlegroups are selected within the Barracks, after choosing a Doctrine.
    	Can be used to call in battlegroup units to the field, as well as function as a retreat point. Battlegroups are selected within the Kampfgruppe Headquarters, after choosing a Doctrine.
    	Can be used to call in battlegroup units to the field, as well as function as a retreat point. Battlegroups are selected within the Barracks, after choosing a Doctrine.
    	Can be used to call in battlegroup units to the field, as well as function as a retreat point. Battlegroups available are dependent on the selected doctrine.
    	Can be used to call in battlegroup units to the field, as well as function as a retreat point. Battlegroups available are dependent on the selected doctrine.
    	The Schu-Mine 42 is a minimum metal mine, being primarily made out wood to make it difficult to detect by metal detectors. The 200g of TNT is enough to severely maim or kill infantry. 
    	Tellermine 43
    	The Tellermine 43 is a heavy blast mine produced in the millions to halt the Allied advance into Europe. Tightly-packed with explosive filling, and equipped with an anti-handling device, the mine is extremely lethal once deployed.
    	Anti-personnel mine, kills or severely injures infantry, requires more firepower to destroy.
    	Anti-tank mine, inflicts moderate damage or outright destroy enemy tanks, also high chance to explode during defusal. 
    	<locstring name="brief_text" value="10949" mod="5548a070e3ea4fe1b827c7b94ceeeea4" />
    	Anti-personnel minefield, randomly placed mines that can tear apart enemy infantry.
    	Anti-tank mine, versatile mine that can destroy tanks and detonate underneath infantry. 
    	Type: Anti-Personnel Mine, Filling: 200g TNT, Penetration: Low, Pressure Plate: Infantry, Effective vs. infantry & light vehicles. Can be dragged to form a perimeter.
    	Anti-personnel mine, an adaptable mine that can be used to kill infantry or disable light vehicles. 
    	Anti-tank mine, heavy explosive that will outright destroy if not incapacitate enemy tanks, also chance to detonate on defusal.
    	Anti-personnel mine, bounding mine that is used to defend areas against infantry. 
    	Anti-tank mine, modified mine that can be triggered by both infantry and vehicles, can potentially detonate if defused.
    	Anti-tank mine, heavy explosive that will outright destroy if not incapacitate enemy tanks, also chance to detonate on defusal.
    	Anti-tank mine, modified mine that can be triggered by both infantry and vehicles, can potentially detonate if defused.
    	Type: Anti-Personnel Mine, Filling: 200g TNT, Penetration: Low, Pressure Plate: Infantry, Effective vs. infantry & light vehicles. 
    	Type: Anti-Personnel Mine, Filling: 182g TNT, Penetration: Low, Pressure Plate: Infantry, Effective vs. infantry & light vehicles. 
    	The German Schrapnellmine 35, famously known as the 'Bouncing Betty,' springs right above the ground to detonate at waist level, showering the unsuspecting soldier with explosive fragments.
    	S-Mine 35 Field
    	7 Command Points
    	3 Command Points
    	Left-click on target infantry. Duration: 25s.
    	Geronimo!
    	The squad breaks through suppression and charges forward, firing with increased accuracy and being harder to take down.
    	Rendezvous With Destiny
    	Screaming Eagles!
    	Screaming Eagles!
    	The squad gains increased weapon accuracy, reduced hit chance, and ignores suppression.
    	Paradrop in a .30 cal M1919A4 Machine Gun to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against massed infantry when setup in a defensive position.
    	Paradrop in a .50 cal M2HB Heavy Machine Gun to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against massed infantry or light vehicles when setup in a defensive position.
    	Paradrop .30 cal M1919A4 Machine Gun (Airborne)
    	Paradrop in a Granatewerfer 34 Mortar to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against infantry hiding behind cover.
    	Paradrop in an M2 60mm Mortar to the battlefield that can be manned by allied infantry. This weapon is effective against infantry hiding behind cover.
    	Paradrop M2 60mm Mortar (Airborne)
    	SS-Untersturmführer Retinue
    	SS-Untersturmführer 
    	The Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) is the most ubiquitous position held by Waffen-SS officers, fostering a reputation of both bravery and lethality in combat. Gains veterancy from nearby allies. 
    	The Untersturmführers (Second Lieutenants) are junior officers of the Waffen-SS, all having served with distinction within the enlisted ranks. Later in the war, many were granted the position out of dire necessity.
    	Armaments: (K98s, StG44), *MP717(r)s x2, *MP40s x2, *StG44s x2, *FmW 41, Skill: Experienced, Role: Tactical Support.
    	Officer, (Aura: +Experience Gain, +Rate-of-Fire), accustomed to leading troops and fighting on the frontlines. Limit of 1 Squad.
    	Officer, (Aura: +Experience Gain, +Rate-of-Fire), accustomed to leading troops and fighting on the frontlines. Limit of 1 Squad.
    	Idealism (Untersturmführer)
    	The Untersturmführer inspires fellow troops with his devotion to the Third Reich. Allied troops receive 15% faster experience gain, and 10% faster rate of fire.
    	Infantry receive 10% increased weapon accuracy, and 33% reduced suppression around the squad.
    	Infantry receive 33% faster ability recharge time, and 50% faster point capture time within the current sector, and adjacent sectors.
    	Keep Calm and Carry On! (Major)
    	Officer, (Circle Aura: +10% Accuracy, +33% Suppression Resistance), accustomed to leading troops and fighting on the frontlines. Limit of 1 Squad.
    	Officer, (Circle Aura: +33% Ability Cooldown, +5% Rate-of-Fire, + 10% Accuracy), effectively coordinates with other troops for a more cohesive fighting force. Limit of 1 Squad.
    	Feuer Frei! (Leutnant)
    	Infantry receives 50% faster equipment recharge time, 5% faster weapon cooldown, and 10% increased weapon accuracy around the squad.
    	25-Pounder Howitzer Smoke Barrage
    	Infantry receive 10% faster rate-of-fire, 50% reduced suppression, and 25% faster point capture within the current sector, and adjacent sectors.
    	New unit - 3rd Fallschirmjägers - available for deployment. This unit can be deployed from ambient buildings. Click and select location in line of sight to deploy.
    	The 3rd Fallschirmjäger MG42 Team can be deployed to the battlefield. This weapon is effective against massed infantry when setup in a defensive position.
    	New unit - 3rd FJ MG42 Team - available for deployment. This unit can be deployed from ambient buildings. Click and select location in line of sight to deploy.
    	Infiltrate 3. Fallschirmjäger MG42 Team   
